Submission No 3992 : - Related to Decision No 11703(IS)

Submission No 2825 :

Submission No 2032 : - Decision 5011(IS)

Status and salary of Director, Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS)

South African Apartheid Policy - General - 1973

Indonesia - Relations with Portuguese Timor

ASIO document: Review of and Recommendations for Restructuring the Surveillance Capacity of ASIO

Documents removed from archives on 25 August 1983 for Mr Fraser

Japan - Relations with South Korea

ASIO document: BfV The West German Security Intelligence Service: Service Regulations

Submission by Department of Foreign Affairs to Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security re Reporting on Developments in Thailand October 1973 - March 1975

Submission by Department of Foreign Affairs to Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security re

West Germany - Intelligence and Security Services

The Case - November 1975

Western Samoa - Intelligence briefing - Memorandum - Joint Intelligence Bureau - New Zealand

Department of Foreign Affairs Information on Portuguese Timor Part 3: 1. Assessments of Portuguese Timor situations made by Department of Foreign Affairs and Joint Intelligence Organization, 2. Ministerial submissions and major correspondence between Ministers on Portuguese Timor, 3. Briefs prepared by Department of Foreign Affairs, 4. Records of Conversations in Canberra or involving officers or Ministers from Canberra relating to Portuguese Timor, 5. Selections of significant telegrams from Canberra

The Satellite Intelligence and Security Services, June 1974

New Scotland Yard Special Branch Annual Report 1974





Australian intelligence -

ASIO document: Report on Activities by Aliens Constituting a Threat to Security: Translation of BfV document

Law of the Sea - Application to Australia - 1971 -

Sarawak - Internal Security

Sarawak - Internal Security

Indonesia - Relations with USA

Indonesia - Relations with Australia - Official discussions with Indonesia



French Nuclear tests in the Pacific area

Jakarta - Indonesia/Australia

Czechoslovak Intelligence: Czechoslovak Ministry of Interior: Foreign Counterintelligence

Report of Australian Delegation on the Conference on certain Seabed Boundaries between Australia and Indonesia and Seabed Boundaries between Australia and Papua New Guinea - Part 2 1972

The Case - January 1975

Operations - March 1975

Sarawak - Internal Security

- Received from Washington

Intelligence Estimates

Production October 1971 - April 1973

Singapore - Political - General

Sarawak - Internal Security





- Received from Washington

ASIO -

The Helsby Report: Classification of Official Matter

ASIS Station

The Case - January 1975

Malaysia - Political - General



The Case - January 1975

Malaysia - Political - General - Political Reports - Language - Education Issues

Malaysia - Political Relations with Australia

Malaysian Armed Forces (Jun-Oct 1968)



- Received from Washington

Intelligence conference on China

Soviet Intelligence Operations Against Americans and US Installations Abroad: An Analysis of Soviet Doctrine and Practice

Sinking of MV Wahine New Zealand

Sinking of MV Wahine New Zealand

Indonesia - Armed Forces & Defence Interests

Malaysia - Political - General

Exchange of intelligence material with the United States of America policy



FBI information re stolen American Express travellers cheques ($62 000) - New York

List of criminals wanted for murder by Italian authorities

FBI inquiry re MATIONG Florencio Lopez aka Chi Chi MARTINEZ, BOND Victor Gerald, MONTOYA Alfred Arthur, MONTOYA Harold Otto

Traffic in gold stolen from Canadian mines and RCMP booklet

FBI inquiry re MATIONG Florencio Lopez aka Chi Chi MARTINEZ, BOND Victor Gerald, MONTOYA Alfred Arthur, MONTOYA Harold Otto

South East Asia intra regional relations - Malaysia/Singapore

Traffic in gold stolen from Canadian mines and RCMP booklet

List of criminals wanted for murder by Italian authorities

The Case - January 1975

Malaysia - Political - General

Malaysia - Political - General

Indonesia - Foreign aid

China - Relations with Thailand

Special screening of migrants from Italy - Mafia

West Irian - Reports from , 1966

United Nations Anglo-Argentine dispute Falkland Islands

SEATO - Intelligence (10M)

Prospects for Indonesia

Cyprus - Political developments - General

Malaysia - Political - General

Indonesia - External relations - Talks on Indonesia



Deployment of Australian troops in Malaysia

Malaysia - Internal security

Currency - Miscellaneous offenders

Disarmament - NATO Council discussions

Exchange of intelligence material with the United States of America policy

Statement of US/Australian Co-operation in Space Research and Defence projects

Iran - Defence - Army

SEATO - Military Advisers 15th Conference - Report.

SEATO - Intelligence Committee report of the meeting

SEATO Tank investigation team - report on the best class of tank for use in Thailand.

SEATO - Report of the Logistics Committee

SEATO - Council of Ministers - Verbatim report of 7th Meeting

Report of the SEATO communications - Electronics committee - Fifth meeting

Report of SEATO military advisers - 14th Conference

Main trends in Soviet capabilities and policies 1960-65 ( )

Theatre estimate to be used in the development of MPO plan 6/61

Top secret douments - North Vietnam

SEATO - Records of meetings of council representatives

SEATO - Committee of Security Experts

Action taken by member governments on the recommendations of the committee - paper contributed by Thailand

Composition of delegation to the thirteenth meeting of the committee of security experts

Communist insurgent threat to Pakistan - paper contributed by Pakistan

Travel to Communist countries by nationals of SEATO member countries; Communist inducements for such travel; the type of traveller; the purpose of visit, and measures by member countries to restrict or discourage such travelling: paper contributed by New Zealand

Nature and extent of the Communist subversive threat in Pakistan: paper contributed by Pakistan

Indonesia. Communism in Indonesia

SEATO 12th Military Advisers Conference, Washington, May 1960. Report.

SEATO - Report of the Communications Committee. Fourth meeting, June, 1960.

Brief for Chief of General Staff for discussions with NZ Chiefs of Staff

Plan for defence of South East Asia MPO Plan 4/60

Main trends in Soviet capabilities and policies 1959-1964

JIC London - weekly review of current intelligence - 1960

JIC London - weekly review of current intelligence 1960

Title exempt

Commonwealth Prime Ministers Conference 1960 - Minutes and Proceedings

SEATO - Report of 6th Intelligence Committee meeting, Bangkok, December 1960

Security screening - Malta

Indonesia - Political - General







SEATO - Logistics Committee meeting Bangkok - August 1959. Report

11th SEATO Military Advisers Meeting MPO Plan 2B/59

SEATO 5th intelligence committee meeting Bangkok Nov 1959 Australian representation

SEATO - Report of the intelligence committee meeting Nov 1959

South East Asian Trade Organization - Tenth Military Advisers Meeting - South East Asian Trade Organization Military Planning Office plan 5/59

South East Asian Trade Organization - Planning to counter communist insurgency

South East Asian Trade Organization Military Planning Office Plan 5B/59 - Plan for the introduction and maintenance of a South East Asian Trade Organization force to assist the Royal Laotian Government to counter Communist insurgency in Laos

South East Asian Trade Organization Military planning to counter Communist insurgency in Laos

USSR. Proposed resumption of diplomatic relations

Indications of communist preparations for early war in South East Asia - UK committee report

United Kingdom Joint Intelligence Committee Reports - General - File No 2

Agenda item 2b. The Communist insurgent threat to the Treaty area. Collated paper presented by the United Kingdom

Agenda item 3b. The inter-relations between Communist parties in the Treaty area and their role in furtherance of International Communist objectives. Collated paper presented by the United States

Agenda item 2a. The nature and extent of the Communist subversive and insurgent threats to the Treaty area. Collated paper presented by the United Kingdom

US defence policy



SEATO - trends and highlights in Communist propaganda

Communism - SEATO - summaries

Malaya - internal security

Joint Intelligence Committee Far East (JIC FE) - Quarterly reviews.

SEATO - Intelligence Ad Hoc Committee meeting, Bangkok, December 1958 report.

Main trends in Soviet capabilities and policies 1958-1963

Indonesia. Top Secret documents. General

Joint Intelligence Committee - London Reports

United Kingdom Defence Organisation - Joint Intelligence Committee - London Reports

Antarctic policy 1958-1960

Chinese Communist and Viet Min amphibitious capabilities - TS1172.

Middle East - JIC intelligence summaries 1958

Australia, New Zealand and the US - Military talks on Indonesia

Commonwealth Bank of Australia - Exchange Control - Sustenance remittances

FALLIS, Herbert Elmer - Alleged counterfeiting of US currency

Intelligence conference Melbourne, November 1958 and Washington, 1962 and London, 1966

The likelihood of global war up to mid 1963

United Kingdom Joint Intelligence Committee Reports

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

The economic and political consequences of India's financial problems

. On Processing Intelligence Information by 5th September 1958

. Cold War Problems - Economic Penetration by , 25th September 1958

Security screening procedure - Italy

Intelligence requests for information

SEATO Combined Training Exercise "AIR LINK" Bangkok 28 May - 1 June 1957

Middle East - Joint Intelligence Committee - weekly review of Middle East

SEATO Council 1957 Canberra. Daily verbatim record.

South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Supplement to the Report of the Council Representatives to the Council, March 1957

Indonesia - Political - Situation Reports

SEATO - trends and highlights in Communist propaganda

South East Asia - General - Joint Intelligence Committee - Far East Review of Current Intelligence

SEATO Council Meeting, Canberra 1957. Daily verbatim record

USSR. Weapons development - general

Naval study of the SEATO area - including the control and protection of shipping

JIC Intelligence summary no. 37

Syria relations with Saudi Arabia

Regional Defence - Indonesia - Australian strategic interest

Middle East Intelligence and military situation reports

Middle East. Joint Intelligence Committee Reports

Counterfeit US currency passed in Curacao

Intelligence on Middle East (File No 3)

Security screening - Sweden

and OIR reports to Department of External Affairs

ANZUS staff planners meeting, Pearl Harbour, March 1956

Middle East - Joint Intelligence Committee weekly review of Middle East

ANZUS Council meeting - Washington, November 1956

South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Second Meeting of the Council of Ministers held at Karachi (from 6-8 March 1956)

South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Report of the Council Representatives to the Council, March 1956

SEATO . Second Meeting of the Committee of Economic Experts, Bangkok, Thailand, 12-18 January 1956

ANZUS Military Machinery

SEATO Extra-ordinary Military Advisers' Meeting, Karachi, March 1956

Antarctic - International Geophysical Year - Russian Participation

Communism - SEATO Council representations

Communism - SEATO committee on information - cultural - educational & labour activities

SEATO - trends and highlights in Communist propaganda

Communism - SEATO - economic aspects

Communism - SEATO - summaries

Joint Intelligence Committee (London) - Weekly Review of Current Intelligence on the Middle East.

ANZUS Council - Proposed meeting, November 1956, in Washington

Communism - SEATO - Information Committee

Communism - SEATO - Information Committee

South East Asia - Joint Intelligence Committee - - review of Current Intelligence

SEATO Staff planners 3rd meeting, Singapore 1956. SEATO position paper on the subject of allocation, control and protection of allied shipping (Agenda Item F)

South East Asia Treaty Organisation. Concept for the defence of South-East Asia in global war

Australia, New Zealand and United States Staff Planners Meeting, Pearl Harbour, March 1956

Probable communist courses of action in Asia up to 1960.

Possible Developments in Laos up to 1960

Probable Communist Courses of Action in Asia up to 1960

Intelligence in the Middle East

ANZAM Intelligence Meeting, Singapore, November 1956

ANZUS staff planners' meeting, Pearl Harbour. Report No.3, 1956

Middle East. Intelligence summaries.

Australian Defence Organisation - Joint Intelligence Committee

Joint Intelligence Committee weekly review of current intelligence on Middle East

Middle East Intelligence and military situation reports

Middle East. Joint Intelligence Weekly Review of Middle East

Alleged smuggling of goods and forged currency - Sydney. THOMPSON, Lachlan Joseph and others

SHUN Chang Lan and others

Indonesia - Relations with USSR

Intelligence Estimates

SEATO - Study group on engineering workshops

Exchange of intelligence material with the United States of America

South-East Asia Collective Defence Treaty. Report of Logistics Ad Hoc Sub-committee Meeting, Melbourne, Australia, August 1955

Vietnam - Industry and raw materials

Minister of Defence - Republic of Indonesia.

Meeting of Commonwealth prime ministers, January - February 1955. Minutes of meetings and memoranda. PMM (55) 1st - 9th Meetings and PMM (55) 1st - 6th Memoranda

Anglo-Amercian strategy in the Far East

Information about Australia and the territories. Requests by US Service Attache.

Exchange of Joint Intelligence Committee papers

Exchange of information for SEAMIL purposes

Quinpart Intelligence meetings

Bilateral information exchange with USA

ANZAM Military Staff Planners Meeting - Pearl Harbour - October 1955

SEATO. Report of Combined Civil and Military Conference on counter-subversion. Manila 1955

SEATO. Military Staff Planners' Conference, Manila. Psychological warfare report 1955

SEATO. Manila Staff Planners' Conference 1955. Report on military anti-subversion

SEATO. Manila Conference Report 1955 on unconventional warfare

Egypt - Relations with the USSR

Special Intelligence - Joint Intelligence Committee - Six monthly review

Frederick Charles SEDDON

Antarctica - proposed soviet expedition

ASIS Station Background - January 1975

Liaison with overseas intelligence services Volume 4

Wilfred Graham Burchett

Intelligence Estimates

Formosa - External relations - General

Co-operation and exchange of information

Indo-China: Information for JIB

Indo-China: Information for JIB

Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne) Co-Operation with Canada

Meeting of with Defence Committee 8 April 1954

Defence Signals Branch -

Intelligence sources and priorities report by Mr STEWART

Brief for the Canadian Delegation to the Geneva Convention

Typex Machine MK 22. General and technical information. (BID/01/7 Volume 1. Copy no 378)

Exchange of staff between Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne) and Joint Intelligence Bureau (London) - personal letter from Sir Harold Parker

Wilfred Graham Burchett

Regional Defence. Pacific, East and South East Asia. ANZUS military machinery. (ANZUS Staff Planners, Military Advisers, etc.)

Probable form and scale of attack against Malaya - Joint Intelligence assessment

United States Intelligence - Report by JIB Representative - Washington

Antarctica

Reports

Probable form and scale of attack against Malaya - Agreement of joint intelligence assessments

Proposals in Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne)

United States Intelligence - Reports by JIB (Melbourne) Representative - Washington

Area of responsibility of Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne)

BUDDLE, Thomas Gordon, THOMAS, John Henry

Soviet and satellite war potential 1953-1956

Five Power Staff Planners' Conference, September 1953. Intelligence studies

Strategic planning in relation to British Commonwealth Defence - probable form and scale of attack against and within the ANZAM region to mid 1955.

Joint Intelligence Bureau -

Peter James Rata MORRIS

Sixth Quinpartite Intelligence Conference

Police cooperation - Great Britain

W.G. Burchett

W.G. Burchett



Security Screening Procedure - Netherlands

Far East - JIC Singapore - Reports

Security - Appointment of security screening officers

Tripartite military talks on South East Asia - Intelligence talks

Deception Planning

Visit - Programme and Cover Plan

Five Power Military Conference on South East Asia - UK papers on 'possible deterents to further Chinese aggression in South East Asia' and 'possible operations against Hainan'

JIB -

Cryptographic Material for ASIO

Prime Minister's discussions in London January 1951

Source Material - Chapter 15 (Volume One), Part One

Indonesia - Foreign aid to Indonesia

Meeting of Defence Ministers, London, June, 1951. Correspondence relating to Cabinet agenda

Target Selection Committee - Far East

Commonwealth Defence Ministers' Conference June 1951. Minutes and memoranda

Forward Planning No. 1

Co-ordination of planning between the ANZAM and Pacific regions. The defence of islands in the Pacific outside the ANZAM region for which the United Kingdom and New Zealand have responsibility

- Modified plan 5 September 1951

Planning for co-operation in British Commonwealth defence (from conclusions of Council of Defence 1950)

Cypher Production Organisation

CONAGHAN, Robert A.

Procedure for handling Soviet and satellite defectors

Plans for the defence of sea communications in the ANZAM Region

Command organisation in the Middle East. File number 1.

Reports by Secretary Department of Defence on visit abroad 1949. The restoration of the flow of United States classified information to Australia

JIB - liaison with New Zealand

The role of the colonies in peace and war

Organisation of British Security Service

Security of official documents

HEALY, James Volume 1

243/1947 : Exchange of secret information between Australia and the United States : Agendum Number 17/1947 : Date of meeting - 22 July 1947

London conference, 1948.

Director's memoranda re Home Office suspect index

Ceylon - Relations with Pakistan



Far East (Strength of Armed Forces)

457/1946 : Joint Intelligence Bureau - Visit to Australia by Major-General STRONG : Agendum Number - 68/1946 and Supplementary 7 : Date of meeting - Tuesday 19 November 1946

United Nations Anglo Argentine Dispute - Falkland Islands

Cypher typed

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Feb 1945

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Far Eastern Technical Unit, Research Section, Pacific Warfare Board - Reports No 4, 5 and 6

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Feb 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Mar 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (May 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Jul 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Aug 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Sep 1945)

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

SCRIMGEOUR, Colin Graham

Evasion of Customs Regulations - RAAF Station, Rathmines

Headquarters, United States Army Services of Supply, South West Pacific Area, Office of the Chief Chemical Officer: Chemical Warfare Intelligence Digest, Nov 1944

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Jan 1944)

42nd Chemical Laboratory Company: Technical Reports

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports by 2/1 Australian Chemical Warfare Laboratory, RAE

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Jan 1944 - Report on Blood Studies in Phosgenied Animals Plasma Liquids

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare - Report on the Detection of Particles of Cadmium Oxide in Sections of Mouse Lung

Headquarters Army Service Forces, Office of the Chief of Chemical Warfare, Washington 25 DC - Chemical Warfare Intelligence Bulletins, Nos 39-56, Aug 1944 - Jun 1945

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, May 1944

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Jun 1944

Munitions Supply Laboratories, Maribyrnong: Chemical Defence reports

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare - Report on the Production of Aerosols of PGW

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare - Report on the Toxicity of Mustard Gas by Intravenous Injections (abbr)

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Special reports by the technical staff of the Chemical Warfare Service Mobile Unit, Brooksville, Florida

Headquarters, San Jose, Project Division. Reports by technical staff, San Jose Project 1945-1946, Bi Weekly progress reports 1945, San Jose Project reports, Field Tests, 1944

Headquarters, San Jose, Project Division. Reports by technical staff, San Jose Project 1945-1946, Bi Weekly progress reports 1945, San Jose Project reports, Field Tests, 1944

Report by on the recommendation of a security service of the Commonwealth of Australia after the termination of hostilities (together with comment on the present organisation of the Commonwealth Security Service) 22.9.44



Deputy Director of Military Operations: Correspondence on the subject of chemical warfare

Deputy Director of Military Operations: Correspondence on the subject of chemical warfare

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Aug 1943)

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Oct 1943)

42nd Chemical Laboratory Company: Technical Reports

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Aug 1943 - Report on Mustard Gas

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Oct 1943 - Report on Iron and Chloride content of the Respiratory Tract

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Nov 1943 - Report on Ammonia Gas

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Dec 1943 - Report on Treatment of Phosgene Poisoning

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Feb 1943

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Mar 1943

Report on Chemical Warfare Physiological Investigations carried out at Townsville, Queensland

1) Revision of basic sampling and venting periods for Chemical Weapons; 2) A review of information derived from trials in the tropics up to May 1944; 3) Reports on trials held in Townsville, Canungra, Holdsworthy, to determine the effect of wearing respirators A/CAS light



The Sabotage Handbook; Miscellaneous Industries

Handbook Oil

Shipping Handbook, volume 4

Railways

Sabotage Handbook; Telecommunications

Sabotage Handbook. Military Targets

Sabotage Handbook. Handbook of Home-made devices

Supplement "D" to Shipping Handbook Volume 4

Shipping Handbook

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Feb 1942

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Nov 1942

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Jul 1942)

Chemical Warfare Liaison Notes, No 7 - Chemical Warfare Intelligence Requirements

42nd Chemical Laboratory Company: Technical Reports

Correspondence - cables. Overseas telecommunication channels. Cable and radio links. International and national communication bodies.

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications. March - July 1937.

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - Problem of Establishing an Air Base, Nov 1936

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - Reclamation of Land from the Sea for the purpose of a Military Aerodrome, Oct 1936

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - The problem of Establishing an Air Base, Oct 1936

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - The problem of Establishing an Air Base, Jul 1936

AZZOLINI Ilarione - enquiry re by Immigration

RASCHELLA Vincenzo - naturalization

WAALKES Frederik Jan

HEATON William - Communist on 'Euripides'

KATTHAGEN Arthur

REDFERN, Charles, Active Communist probably coming to Australia

Leckie, Charles - whereabouts enquired for by London Police

Liaison with overseas intelligence services Vol.4

