New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: N/1/37 Statement of witness (name suppressed) 25/2/1988

New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: N/1/167 - Statement of witness (name suppressed) 16/3/1988

New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: N/1/22 Plan of Wee Waa police station

New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: Persons who have attempted suicide or to injure themselves while in police custody

Three documents - Titles restricted - Presented 6/3/85 at London by Jones, W E

New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: N/1/119 Six black and white enlarged photos, N/1/124 Four enlargements in black and white, N/1/125 Set of proofs and one enlargement print, N/1/126 Eight photographs enlarged 12/6/1981

New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: N/1/115 Two photographs of contrasting colours - one photo marked exhibit 9B

New South Wales Case Files - Edward James MURRAY: N/1/13 Aboriginal Legal Services - CONFIDENTIAL file

Eileen Gertude Acquaro

Francesco Acquaro

Royal Commission of Inquiry - Matters in Relation to Electoral Redistribution Queensland 1977 - witness statements.

Anne Maree Acquaro

Raffaele Acquaro

Series cancelled. Has been converted to A4604/XR. Folders of microfilm printout relating to the 1937 Imperial Conference

Royal Commission of Inquiry - Matters in Relation to Electoral Redistribution Queensland, 1977 - Exhibits

Yabs Refinery Study 1977 costs-obsolete ?Computer Print-out)

Financial Estimates and Expenditure Returns 1976/77

R.C.O.P Fifth Report

R.C.O.P. Sixth Report

Staff. Donald William WOOKEY

Arthur D. Little Inc - Administration of Consultancy Contract - from 11.5.76-

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol. 16.7.76-

Ampol. 16.7.76 -

Amoco Australia Pty. Ltd. 18.6.76 -

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Esso. 24.2.76-

Shell Australia ?Ltd.?

Total Australia Ltd.

Caltex Oil Australia Pty Ltd - 19.2.76 -

Australian Lubricating Oil Refinery Ltd

Western Oil & Refining Co. Pty. Ltd.

Oil Processors Ltd.

Federated Chamber of Automotive Industries

Natural Gas. Enquiries by Royal Commission

Oceangas, Australia Pty. Ltd.

?A.D.Little, Consultants. Reports; Memoranda: Memoranda 66 to 80?

?A.D. Little, Consultants Memoranda 49 to 64?

R.C.O.P. Third Report

Australian Government Publishing Service

Press References to the Royal Commission on Petroleum

Financial Estimates and Expenditure Returns 1975/76

Overseas Visit Arrangements (A.D.L.)

Overseas Visit Arrangements (Foreign Affairs Correspondence)

Overseas Visist: Follow-up matters on return to Australia

Melbourne Hearings: Administrative arrangements (inc. Personnel movement) ?14/4/75 - 16/5/75? and ?4/8/75 - -/9/75?

Visits to Canberra : 19-20 March 1975 and 28 May 1976.

N.Zealand : Commission of Inquiry into distribution of Motor Spirits etc.

Visit to Adelaide (3rd, 4th & 11th Nov. 75) and Perth (5th to 10th Nov. 75)

Press Releases and Statements by Ministers and Political Parties

Visit to Brisbane, Toowoomba and Gold Coast (15th to 18th December 1975)

Brief for Queensland Visit 15th to 18th December 1975

R.C.O.P. - Fourth Report

Staff. GILL, LORICE RAE (Mrs.)

Consultants A.D. Little (USA) Work Programme & Allied Matter.

A.D. Little : Reports and Memoranda

Motor Spirit Market Analysis. Marketing and Pricing

Marketing and Pricing : Rationalization.

Surveys and Exercises by Commission Staff. - Tendered.

Financial Aspects of Australian Oil Companies

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol. 15.5.75 - 11.8.75

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol. Petroleum Ltd. 11.8.75 - 15.7.76

Royal Commission on Petroleum: Ampol. 15.5.75 - 11.8.75.

B.P. Australia Ltd 1.5.75 - 12.5.76.

Royal Commission on Petroleum. BHP Co. Ltd. 34.4.75-

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Esso. 20.3.75 _ 19.2.76

Shell ?Australia Ltd.? 8.12.75 - 31.5.76

Total Australia Ltd

Caltex Oil Australia Pty Ltd - 27.5.75 - 3.2.76

Royal Commission on Petroleum - ACTU Solo Enterprises Pty Ltd.

Royal Commission on Petroleum - LEROC Oil Co. Pty Ltd.

BUSEY, R & M.J. (Esso Servicecentre - Main North & Montague Rds, POORAKER, S.A.)

Sandell, John, V.A.C.C. ?Victorian Automobile Chamber of Commerce?

Bishop, Hugh V.A.C.C.

Sherrard. C.F. Templestone, Victoria

G. McFarlane (Mrs.)

Govt. of New South Wales

Commissioner of Trade Practices

Ministry of Fuel and Power (Victoria)

Queensland Dept. of Labour Relations and Consumer Affairs

Liquid Air Australia Ltd.

?Yellow 'drop-copies' of Commission's outward correspondence?

Correspondence Out Yellow Copies. 1975

Caltex Oil (Australia) Pty. Limited. Aspects of Marketing and Pricing of Petroleum Products Confidential Annexures

"Esso A" Documents supplied by Esso Australia Limited pursuant to Question 1.F of the Questionaire dated 15 March 1975

Shell Australia Limited. Confidential information supplied to the Royal Commission on Petroleum ....

Shell Australia Limited. Confidential information supplied to the Royal Commission on Petroleum ....

Shell Australia Limited. Confidential Questionnaire Answers.

?Confidential Tables from Mobil?

(File of documents produced by Ampol Petroleum)

File of documents produced by the M. Shannon.

Shell Australia Ltd. Confidential information provided to Royal Commission on Petroleum in respose to its letter dated 21/05/75

Confidential portion of Submission by The British Petroleum Company of Australia and Subsidiaries.

(Confidential submission Ampol, Mobile and Esso.)

Index Cards of Exhibits

Confidential Transcript 15.5.1975

?A.D. Little, Consultants Memorand 80-88?

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Transcript of Proceedings of Private Hearing

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Transcript of Proceedings of Private Hearing

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Transcript of Proceedings of Private Hearing

Grace Acquaro

Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security - Stencils In Camera Hearings - Intelsec Stencils - In Camera

Electrolytic Zinc Company of Australia Ltd.

Kilndried Hardwoods Pty. Ltd.

Southern Hardwoods Pty. Ltd.

Repco Bearing Company Pty Ltd

Wander (Australia) Pty Ltd

Standard Timber Co., Huonville

Kraft Foods Limited

Municipality of Flinders

East-West Airlines Ltd

Australian National Line

Cadbury Schweppes Pty Ltd - Cadbury Division

Thomas Nationwide Transport Limited

Universal Textiles Australia Ltd

Australian Paper Manufacturers Limited.

Clements and Marshall Pty Ltd

BBA - Brain and Brown Airfreighters Pty Ltd

The Stanley Works Pty Ltd

H. Jones & Co Pty Ltd

Marine Board of Devonport

Launceston Gas Company

Launceston pusied Industrial Productivity Group

City of Launceston

Brauscholm Sawmills Pty. Ltd.

G and K French

North-Eastern Hopgrowers Pty. Ltd.

Tasmanian Timber Association

Johns Phoenix

Tioscipe Australia Pty. Ltd.

NU STEEL Furniture Pty. Ltd. (TIFFANY)

Henry Bills & Co. Pty. Ltd.

Coates Paton (Australia) Ltd.

Renisan Limited

Safcoe (Tas.) Pty. Ltd.

King Island Schulite Limited (A Division of Darman International Ltd.)

Kibuka Mines Pty. Ltd.

Tasmanian Board Mills Limited

Port Huon Fruit Juices Pty. Ltd.

Blunderstone Pty. Ltd.

Montpilier Foundry Pty. Ltd.

Tasmanian Transport Commission (Railways)

Dairy Products Manufacturers' Association of Tasmania.

Palmer Searoad Pty. Ltd.

Form of summons under Royal Commissions Act and Conditions covering Witnesses' Expenses

Commonwealth Police

Law Noices

Visit to BHP Newcastle 11.02.74 to 12.02.74

Visit to PRA (ALTONA) 13/3/74, Esso-BHP (Bass Strait-Layford) 14/3/74, and Esso_BHP (Long Island) 15/3/74

Visit to Kwinana, Dampier, Pt. Hedland, Barrow Island, Broome - 31.3.74 to 6.4.74

Visit to Amoco, Ampol Refineries, Brisbane, 25.3.74 to 27.3.74

Visit to Matraville (Total Australia Ltd.) 15/2/74

Royal Commission on Petroleum - Financial Estimates and Expenditure Returns from DSH

Visit to A.O.R. Kurnell, 3.5.74

Visit to Shell, Gore Bay, Clyde and Parramatta, 8.5.74

Accounts for Payment of a Special Nature

Visit to Moomba (Delhi-Santoo), S.A. Prices Commission and Port Stanvac (PRA), 15th to 18th July 1974.

Overseas Visit arrangements (Special Minister of State Dept.)

Records of Meetings held with various parties outside of Formal Commission Hearings.

Corrections to Transcripts and Issue of Errata Notices

Memoranda To/From Council assisting the Commission and Secretariat

R.C.O.P. ?Royal Commission on Petroleum? Second Report - Proposals for Refineries in New South Wales. ?Part 1?

?Royal Commission on Petroleum - Second Report? ?Part 2?

Summons issued by the Royal Commission on Petroleum

Staff. TROUNCE, E.H.

Staff. ERIN ADAMS

Staff. LESLEY ATKINSON

Staff. PIKE, LEONARD LLEWELYN

Flextime. Proposals & Introduction

Consultants: Fluor Australia Pty. Ltd.

Consultants : Puroin and Gertz, USA.

Consultants - Mr. N. Story.

Consultants : Dr. P.H. Frankel

Consultants - A.D. Little USA. (negotiation and finalisation of contracts)

Consultants - McDonald, Wagner & Priddle Pty. Ltd. (with PURVIN and GERTZ, U.S.A.)

BATTELLE - COLUMBUS Laboratories USA.

Consultants. KINNAIRD HILL DE ROHAN and YOUNG Pty. Ltd.

Arthur D. Little Inc - Administration of Consultancy Contract

A.D. Little (Cambridge) Despatch of Documents

A.D. Little : Reports and memoranda.

A.D. Little (London) Despatch of Documents

Working Party on Joint Requiry Proposed

Royal Commission on Petroleum : First Report - Shortages of Petroleum Products

Coal as an alternative to Fuel Oils

Pulbara Study

Use of Fuel Oils by BHP Ltd.

T.A.B.S. Refinery Study

T.A.B.S. Refinery Study

Motor Spirit Market Analysis : Marketing and Pricing

Forecasts of Petroleum Products Consumption

Petroleum Costs and Differential Secretariat

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol. 20.9.74 - 15.5.75

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol. (1974 - 1975)

Ampol Petroleum Ltd. 11.8.75 - 15.7.76

Royal Commission on Petroleum. BHP Co. Ltd. 26.6.74 - 27.3.75

Mobil Oil Australia Ltd. Various Studies on reduction of lead levels in motor spirit

Liquified Petroleum Gas Supplementary Report Royal Commission on Petroleum. Joint submission Santos Ltd and Delhi International Oil Corporation

Shell Australia Ltd. 26.9.74 - 8.12.75

Total

Royal Commission on Petroleum - Delhi International Oil Corporation

Royal Commission on Petroleum - Woodside Burmeh Oil N.L.

Royal Commission on Petroleum - Majellan Petroleum Australia Ltd. 2/9/74 to 11/6/75

Royal Commission on Petroleum - Majellan Petroleum Australia Ltd, Oilmin 11.6.75

Govt. of West Australia

Govt. of Victoria

Bureau of Mineral Resources

Botany Municiple Council

Porramatta City Council

Rockdown Municipal Council

The Treasury

Department of Environment, Honoury and Community

Australian Bureau of Stebstes

Trade Practices Commission ?Part I?

Australian Gas Assn.

Brisbane Gas Co.

Gas Supply Co. Ltd

Fremantle Gas & Coke Company Ltd.

The South Australian Gas Co.

West Australian Petroleum Pty.Ltd.

Australian Gas Light Co.

North Shore Gas Co. Ltd.

Porta-Gas Pty. Ltd

Commonwealth Industrial Gases Ltd.

I.C.I. Australia Ltd.

?Letter from H.C. Sleigh Limited?

?Letter from BHP?

?Royal Commission into Petroleum. Aspects of the Marketing and Pricing of Motor Spirit H.C. Sleigin Limited?

Shell Australian Securities Limited and Subsidiary Companies. Confidential Information for the Answer to Question 1

Shell Australian Securities Limited and Subsidiary Companies. Confidential Information for the Answer to Question 3

Shell Australian Securities Limited and Subsidiary Companies. Confidential Information for the Answer to Question 5

Ampol Petroleum Ltd. Confidential Submission

Mr Pike: List of Exhibits

Royal Commission on Petroleum:Register of Exhibits

YABS Refinery Study 1974 costs-obsolete ?Computer Printout?

TABS Study TML OK.

Yabs Refinery Study: Obsolete

Tabs: Comparison 9 Ampol/Total 8 BHP/Sleigh

Demands for 1985 Costs at 1977

L.P.G.?data? ?Blue tabs P.Q.R.?

Base Case. LPG Data.

Tabs Refinery Study Confidential Obsolete

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Sir James Vernon, CBE Current Draft Chapters

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Sir James Vernon. CBE Current Draft Chapters

Royal Commission of Transcript of Proceedings of Private Hearing

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Transcript of Proceedings of Private Hearing

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Transcript of Proceedings of Private Hearing

Anthony Acquaro

Despina Acquaro

Internal Administrative Arrangements relating to Royal Commission on Petroleum

Matters of an External Nature relevant specificaly to the Royal Commission on Petroleum

Administrative and Procedure Aspects of Royal Commissions

Staffing Arrangements Generally

Administration. Office Accommodation and Security Arrangements

Matters relating to Mail and Telephones (Official and Public)

Advertising. Dept. of the Media

Commonwealth Reporting Service - Attorney-Generals Department (Policies etc)

Commonwealth Reporting Service - Arrangements generally, including Supply of Transcript

Reference & Library Books, Reading Lists etc, relevant to the Petroleum Industry

Subscriptions to Periodicals etc.

Official Entertainment

Visit to BP westernport and Dandenong (19/12/73) and Shell Geelong (20/12/3)

Furniture and Equipment

Press References to the Royal Commission on Petroleum

Press References to the Royal Commission on Petroleum

Royal Commission - Visit to New Zealand. 30/1/75 - 15/2/75

Procedures for corresponding with States, their instrumentalities and Australian Government Departments.

Commission of Taxation

Staff. J. Kane.

Staff. BINNS, I.M.

Staff. RYAN, M.M.

Enquiries pertaining to, and hire of, Consultants.

Consultants. P.A. Management Consultants Pty. Ltd. Economic Research Unit Pty. Ltd.

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Miscellaneous Enquiries

Technical and Supporting Information - Standards and Definitions

Marketing and Pricing. Ex Refinery Costs.

Marketing and Pricing. Preliminary Investigations Melbourne

Sampling and Testing of Motor Spirit - Victoria.

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol. 5.11.73 - 18.9.74

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Ampol.

Australian Oil Refining P/L ?Pty. Ltd.?

Royal Commission on Petroleum. BHP (Hematite) 12.10.73 - 19.6.74

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Burmah Oil Australia Ltd.

Royal Commission of Petroleum. Castrol Australia

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Esso. 7.11.73 - 15.3.75

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Maranoa.

Royal Commission on Petroleum. Matilda.

Mobil Oil Australia Ltd. Further Information on the Oil Refinery Industry.

Shell Australia Ltd. 11.10.73 - 23.9.74

Total. 30.11.73 - 30.12.74

X.L. Petroleum Pty Ltd

X.L. Petroleum Pty Ltd

H.C. Sleigh Ltd. 30.11.73 - 16.9.74

Caltex Oil ?Australia Pty Ltd?. Oct '73 - 22.5.75

Royal Commission on Petroleum - I.O.C.

Victorian Auto. Chamber of Commerce

Prices Justification Tribunal - Petroleum Products Prices

Correspondence Out. Yellow Copies : Oct. 1973 to Dec. 1974

Amoco Australia Pty. Ltd. Confidential Report marked 'A'

Mobil. Develop owned land Ferntree Gully Vic. Cnr. Ferntree Gully & Scoresby Rds.

Ampol Agreements relating to Schedules submitted

A.D. Little, Consultants Memoranda 1 to 49?

?Consultants Report? Report to the Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry. Private Contract Work - Conducts, Switching Equipment and Cables

Australian Post Commission of Inquiry Exhibits (Nos 1 to 237)

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Working copies of selected submissions.1 to 479

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry

Australian Post Office Commission of Enquiry. Folders of Duplicate Copies of Submissions

Submissions 1 - 75

Submission 76 - 124

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Papers Relating to Overseas Visit of the Commissioners

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Overseas Visit United Kingdom Part 1

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Overseas Visit - United Kingdom Part 2

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Overseas Visit - United Kingdom Part 3

Overseas Visit United States of America

Overseas Visit Canada

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Overseas Visit - Canada

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Overseas Visit - Sweden Vol 1

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Sweden, Vol 2

Overseas Visit Sweden Sir Frances Vernon.

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Papers Relating to the Overseas Visit of the Commissioners. Sir Francis Vernon's Copy.

Overseas Visit U.K. only.

Overseas Visit U.S.W.

Overseas Visit Canada.

Overseas Visit Sweden only.

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Secretariat Drafts Checked Against Original Sources

Forecasts of Petroleum Products Consumption

(Sheer Australia, Mobile Oil Australia, Confidential imformation.)

Air Transport - Cwlth Instrumentalities - Qantas Formation and Legislation - Memorandum and Articles of Association and Financial Directive Part 2

Cost of shipping Crude in Australian Licenced Tanks.

?Appendices 1-21 Confidential portion of Exhibit 2?

Mobil - Purchase Land & Develop Boronia West, Vic. Cnr Boronia & SCORESBY Rds.

Mobil - Develop Owned Land WANTIRNA Vic. Cnr Stud & Boronia Rds.

Mobil Australia Ltd. Supplementary Information to the Royal Commission Aspects of the Oil Refining Industry.

C & D. CARSAS (Mr. & Mrs)

Hughes Papers (T.E.F.)

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

AMOCO: 7.2.74 - 3.6.75.

B.P. Australia Ltd.

?Confidential material from Mobil Oil Australia Limited?

Antonia Acquaro

Commonwealth Railway, ACT railway, Queanbeyan to Canberra, horizontal scale 1inch=4chain, vertical scale 1inch=4feet - showing plan and longitudinal section with railway running parallel with Molonglo River, suburb Fyshwick, Canberra railway station

Czechoslovakia - relations with UN

Czechoslovakia - political developments - general

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

Czechoslovakia - political development - general

Land Policy - Chirstmas Island

Aerodrome 36 Mile Strip Northern Territory

Aerodrome 'Woliana' Northern Territory

Aerodrome Kemp Airstrip Northern Territory



NATO French Policy

Amoco Australia Pty Limited (8.8.75 - 17.6.76)

Nauru Ordinances - Suspension of Sentences Ordinances

Snowy Mountains Hydro Electric Authority (SMHEA) Reports on Geology, & Sources of Construction Materials of Talbingo Dam & Tumut 3 Power Station together with Schedule of Rates. Contracts for Tumut 3 Pressure Pipelines & Talbingo Dam Diversion Tunnel

Fremantle - Customs Temporary accommodation for preventative officers

Malaysia - Political - General

Amoco: 5.6.75 - 8.8.75.

Pakistan: External Relations with Australia - General

Chronological exchanges of information with UK government on Malaysian confrontation

Angelo Acquaro

Maria Acquaro

Malaysia - Political - General

Book 1 of 3 Gauges

Book 3 of 3 Gauges

Salvatore Pagano Naturalization Issued to Immigration T/N 61/31000.

Wilhelm CA Simonsen - Naturalization Issued to Immigration (Missing)

Snowy Mountains Hydro Electric Authority (SMHEA). Contracts and Reports on Murray 1 Pressure Pipeline; Murray 1 Project Aqueducts; Khancoban Dam and associated works; Murray 2 Power Station Site and the Geology of Khancoban Project and associated works.

Dept of supply ammunition section guide to manufacture of fuse bodies (various from Brass Stamping. Reference fuze percussion D.A. & Gauge No.1198 mk 17 (Part Mmanchined)

Technical Personnel Establishments - Sabre Units

Gauge manual Regional Engineer NSW copy

Fremantle - Customs Cleaning Contract

Welfare Branch - Annual Report

Aboriginal Affairs - Jock Cassidy

DFS - Accident re: Canberra A84-246 Unit: No. 6 (B) Sqn. Place: Darwin Date: 16/17 Feb 59 Pilot: Not applicable

Reports, Designs & Technical Memoranda

Dept of Supply etc Section 111 description of foundry Manufacture 50,000 units capacity/Month

Access Ways and Garages - Wood Street Flats

Prisoners of War & Internees - Hospitalisation of Prisoners of War

Agricultural Investigation Committee,1959

Prosecution of members of Australian Meat Industry Employees Union under S138 'inciting members to refrain from working under the Award'

INDUSTRIAL DISPUTE RE LONG SERVICE LEAVE ON METAL TRADES INDUSTRY - METAL TRADES EMPLOYERS

RAAF Edinburgh - Technical administration

Dept of Supply - Ammunition production of NSW. Method of production Tall unit P/N YVIONS. Assembly for Bomb 5B HE SL 42 Mortar mk 2/3 copy No.1

Fremantle - Marine Seamen's Engagement Centre

Agricultural Development - Katherine District

Disposals - Rottnest

Primary Producers Board General Correspondence

Conciliation and Arbitration Bill 1958

QUEENSLAND LEGISLATION FOR COURT CONTROLLING UNION BALLOTS

DEPARTMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLICATIONS COMMITTEE - REPORTS OF MEETINGS AND DATA SUBMITTED

Indonesia. Top Secret documents. General

Career Planning and Establishment Deficiencies - Equipment Branch

Universities - enquiries and financial assistance - general and policy

Middle East Relation with USSR

British Assisted Migrants Schedule NA 26180 to NA 31447

Record of manufacture tools, gigs, gauges and fixtures fusepercussion D.A and graze No.119B empty mk17. Part 2

Dept of supply record of manufacture tools, gigs, gauges and fixtures fuze percussion D.A and graze No.119B. Empty mk17Davies-Kent Pty Lts Mascot NSW part 1

Dept of supply record of manufacture. Fuze percussion da and gauge No. 119B empty MK 17. Davies -Kent PTYLTD MAscot



Prisoners of War and Internees - Australian & Allied Mortality of Prisoners of War

Prisoners & Internees - Enemy payments to Internees in Institutions

Copra - Direct shipment from Bougainville to Australia - Procedure

Annual Report and Accounts 1955/56 - Papua and New Guinea Superannuation Board

Provident Fund Ordinance - Nauru (empty file cover - all papers Treasury File 74/5198)

RAAF trade standards board - records system - O and M Investigation

Review of Staff Duties - Section EPA7

SMA - Investigation re best route on Western side of Great Dividing Range - Miscellaneous Notes.

Universities - Enquiries and Financial Assistance - Grants - University of New England 1956

Universities - enquiries and financial assistance - Grants, University of New England 1957

Universities - enquiries and financial assistance - Projected buildings and other capital expenditures - University of New England

Prisoners of War and Internees - Enemy - personal property

Property Kingston Barracks - Rottnest - Assets

Property and Works - General - Kingston Barracks Rottnest - Repair & Maintenance

Property & Works - Rottnest Repairs & Maintenance - Department of Works

Road Damage - Rottnest

Postmaster-General's Annual Report

Fourth Annual report of the Australian Atomic Energy Commission Year ended 1956, June

No.1 Squadron Operations Record Book

Unit History Sheet, RAAF Transport Flight (Japan), 1st January 1956 to 31st July 1956

Australian Defence Organisation - Joint Intelligence Committee

Notes on supplies of phosphates for London Conference

Advice to Department of Social Services of Superannuation allowances granted

Papua and New Guinea Superannuation Annual Report and Accounts 1954/55

Belan, Mrs (formerly Miss L M Fitzgerald) - Teacher - Norfolk Island

Aircrew Trainees - Evaluation of Officer Qualities (Policy)

Specs. and Docs. Tumut Pond Junction Shaft Eucumbene - Tumut Tunnel T.1. Power Station T.2 Power Station Upper Tumut Region Murray 1 Power Station Contents: 50.021 50.022 50.023 50.024 50.025 50.026 50.027 50.033 50.032 E.504 E.513 E.505

Umbakumba Native Settlement - Proposals for Future Management

Vietnam - Industry and raw materials

Strike Register No.1 (B) Squadron 1/3/1955 to 30/6/1955

Unit History Sheet, RAAF Transport Flight (Japan), 1st May to 31st December 1955

Liaison with overseas intelligence services Volume 4

Australian National University. House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

Australian National University Houses - University House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

Phosphate - Allotment of supplies to Partner Governments

Teachers - Appointment of - Nauru

Eligibility to contribute to Provident Account - Superannuation - Papua and New Guinea

Reserve Units - Special circumstances for Withdrawal of Elections

Fealy, C - School Teacher - Norfolk Island

McNaught, Norman Graham - Surveyor - Norfolk Island

Publications for Department of Territories - Canberra

Plant Quarantine - Seeds Importation of - Vegetable BEAN.

Baucau Portuguese Timor - Aerodrome works

DWB - Works Officers - Exchange Duty

Shorthand Notes taken at 'In Camera' Hearings - Royal Commission on Espionage

Royal Commission on Espionage - Exhibit 301: List of car number plates and descriptions and names of persons (as exhibit 300), typed on one page at office of H B Chandler

Papers from Brief for Ninth Session

Personal Files List

Agricultural Experiment Farm Advisory Committee,1954-1955

Bombing Analysis No.1 (B) Squadron 1/12/1954 to 25/2/1955

Australian National University. House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

Census of the Commonwealth and Territories

Tilson, Dr E E - Medical Officer - Norfolk Island

Medical services aerial Flying doctor service annual subsidy

O & M Organisation and methods review of the functions and procedures of DER (Directorate of Equipment Requirements) 1953

Provost Marshal - Deserters - Non-effective posting of - (Policy)

Telegraphists - Conditions of Service

Upper Tumut Development General Information for Tenderers

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 1 - Report

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 2 - Logs of Drill Holes

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 3 - Logs of Drill Holes

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 4 - Logs of Drill Holes

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 5 - Logs of Drill Holes

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 6 Additional Information

Report on Hydrology and Meteorology of Upper Tumut Development

Technical Departmental Papers; design reports.

Perlite

Quantitative Restrictions

Regional Defence. Pacific, East and South East Asia. ANZUS military machinery. (ANZUS Staff Planners, Military Advisers, etc.)

No.1 Squadron - Daily Diary Operations July 1953 - September 1954

Cartage of sand and gravel to sandwash

Section 14, Ainslie - Multiple dwelling units

University House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

University House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

University House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

Dr. J. Chapman - Plastic Surgeon. Offer of Services in an honorary capacity

Mr. R.J. Craig. Offer of Services (Honorary)

Defence - General - Participation in distribution of Japanese assets

Officers appointed by Public Service Commissioner to sign and certify documents - Papua and New Guinea Superannuation

Hodge, Mr R H - Norfolk Island

Staff - Norfolk Island - Mrs C R Menzies

Evans, Mrs Eleanor - Staff - Norfolk Island

ANGPCB - Miscellaneous production (including minerals) - Manganese

Northern Territory General Granuloma Venereum

International Refugee Organisation - Executive Committee - Eleventh Session - Geneva

International Tracing Service

Civil aviation section - Napperby Station - aerodrome

Civil aviation section - Tieyon Station - Aerodrome

Narnietooma Station - aerodrome

Ardagardaga Station - Aerodrome - Note: Each folio in file records the name as Argadargada

Yalgoo - aerodrome

Mt Doreen - aerodrome

Yuendumu Mission - aerodrome

Horseshoe - aerodrome

Lake Cargelligo - aerodrome

Mt Etenezer - aerodrome

DPS Warren, FG LAC A33080 Investigation Injury

No title

Salvation Army - Application for Subsidy

Metal Trades Margin Case 1952-1954

Unit History Sheet No.30 Transport Unit, January 1952 to February 1953

Deputy Chief of Naval Staff Papers - atomic explosion 1952 - aircraft-Sitreps - berthing arrangements etc, scientific requirements

Section 14, Ainslie - Multiple dwelling units - 72 flats

University House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

Bullard - J.L. Offers of services to assist Defence Preparations

Pye Electronic Pty. Ltd. Services of C.L. Faudell

Capt. W. Brown - offer of Services - Civil Defence

Wireless Institute of Australia, offer of services

Master Builders' Federation of Australia

Pacific Islands Shipping Service - Complaints re services and timetables

Teachers - Appointment of - Nauru

Correspondence re evidence of date of birth - Papua New Guinea Superannuation

Brown, Miss N L - Norfolk Island

Norfolk Island Staff - Fitzpatrick, P L

McCowan, Mr I H - Norfolk Island

Papua and New Guinea - Works - Construction of European School, Boroko

Papua and New Guinea - Works - Electricity Supply, Manus Island, Lorengau.

Papua and New Guinea - Works - Headquarters station Bougainville District - Construction of

Publications for Department of Territories - Canberra

International Refugee Organisation - Executive Committee - Ninth Session

Defence - Cottel, Miss P. Offer of Services.

Dr Edward Strahan - examination of ATC Cadets - rate of payment

Higher Duty Allowance - Officers applications and recommendations for - General File ABO 'A' 40/50

Long Range Weapons ARDU - Trials flight - Specialist personnel requirements

Revised plan for the non-operational control administration & logistic support of BCFK File No. 4.

Technical Reports

Indonesia - Foreign aid to Indonesia

Section 14, Ainslie - Multiple dwelling units - 72 flats

University House - Contract with Howie Moffatt and Company

Zsigmong, Endre Ferenc

RSSAILA - Hughenden Sub-Branch (Queensland)

Papandropoulos, Anthony

American Australasian Ex-Servicemen's Memorial Club

Treiman, Alfred

Pietruch, Feliks

Veslar, Tibor - Breach of Aliens' Act 1947

Masolini, Raffaele

Ogilvie-Brown, Edward

Volegoff, Daniel

Kelowna and District Citizenship Council, Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada

The Argus Financial Supplement - Article by the Minister

Building Research and Development - Advisory Committee - Reports

Exercise of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction over nationals or members of the United Nations

Arbitration. Tabling of Determinations. Part 25

Arbitration Tabling of Determinations. Part 26

Arbitration. Tabbing of Determinations Part 27

Commonwealth Public Service - Furlough and leave - Sick and annual leave for ex-servicemen

Standing Committees of Cabinet. Cabinet Committee on Commonwealth Works

Soliciters, Commissioners for Affidavits, JP's etc - Justices of the Peace - Northern Territory

Defence - Navy Transport of Naval Aircraft by Road

Invention Schumacher A D

Inventions - Mr A J Love

Inventions Taylor W V

Pacific Island Shipping Service - Abstract of Log - Norfolk Island - New Hebrides Section "Morinda"

Nauru - Miscellaneous - "Timber for table in House of Commons"

Post War Reconstruction - Town planning - Alframe Aluminium Alloy buildings

Appointment of administrative officer CAS branch - Policy

Earaheedy Station - Aerodrome

Brewarrina - aerodrome

Australian painting for Privy Council Library

Photos forwarded to D Hope Johnston

Royal Commission on Espionage - Exhibit 300: List of car number plates and descriptions and names of persons, typed on one page, found in home of H B Chandler

Menzies and Holt Ministries - nominal index cards to Cabinet files, "C" single number series

EPU, from Confidential report of "The Economist "

N M Khan and C J Puddefoot - Cattle Killing

Production of Mechanical Tune Fuzes 208

Ammunition Anti-Tank 17-Pr

Ideal Calibre SAA Bandolier Packing

Confidential Documents from Continuation Class Files

Operation Totem - Army Equipment Group Interim Summary of Trials Results

F.C. MENGERSON

No.1 Squadron Operations Record Book

Heinrich Johannes RATHJENS Applicant for naturalization

Kowaliw, Wasyl - Displaced person -

Travelling Scholarship in August for Nurses & Midwives

Inventions Mossbach, H

Inventions Csiszar, Z

Inventions Thurzobanyay - Elischer G

Invention Fletcher, J

National Anthems

Temporary File Anti-Conscription League - Correspondence file - loss of Official file. Question in Parliament - WITHDRAWN

Temporary File - The Brisbane Amateur Turf Club & the Minister - Appeal to the Full Court of the High Court of Australia

Departmental instructions - Department Territories

Nauru - Appointment of teachers

Nauru - Miscellaneous - Religious training of Nauruans

Copra production - Apparent shortage of stock

Australian Institute of Anatomy - General

Furniture & Fittings

Public Health - Australian Labor Party Resolutions

Navigation - Jiggalong - aerodrome

Navigation - Millsteam - aerodrome

Navigation - Boggabri - aerodrome

DWB - RAAF Convalescent Depot - Mount Spec - Townsville Qld - Buildings and services

Scheme of Assistance to Importers of Pedigree stock into Australia from United Kingdom, United States of Americaand Canada

Shipments of silver 1949

Australia - Trade and Financial Relations with United Kingdom

Western Australian Wole Milk Subsidy (year ending 30 September 1948)

Murdoch's Manufactories Pty. Ltd. Wages Subsidy

AA Equipment Darwin

Ships' registers - arrivals and departures, Melbourne

International Meteorological Organisation - Meeting of Executive Council at Oslo August 1948

Public Works - Daly River Road - Northern Territory

Inventions Doherty C S

Inventions Tavender Q K

Inventions Proctor Dr O S

Inventions Couper, T A

Barron, F C

GPO Brisbane

Frequency modulation

Mandated Territories - Proposed acquisition of Gali - Lot No 36, Gali Bay

Nauru - Miscellaneous - Order of seating mixed guests at formal dinners

ANGPCB - Stores and trade goods - Materials, jeans

Land measurement - Policy

Acquisition of properties by Administration - Custodian of Expropriated Property

Cancer. Radium Emanation Depots & Workshop Accounts Section 8.

Fees and charges. Fees for electroencephalography

Fiji Central Medical School

Medical examination of employees Commonwealth Public Service and application for pensions Section 12.

Miscellaneous Bookings (Accommodation & Travel for Officers)

Munition Medical Services Aircraft Production Service Finance Section 2

Stores and Equipment. School of Public and Tropical Medicine. Section 5

RAAF aerodromes - Permissible aircraft wheel loadings

Ernabella mission - aerodrome

Vampire performance data - (Ghost)

Steel - Dollar Import Programme

Miscellaneous - Dollar Import Programme

Quality Clothing Co. Textile Wages Award

Cremorne Collar Co. Wages Subsidy

Findlater Clothing Factory - Wages Subsidy

C.F. Duncan & Coy. Match Manufacturer

Weston Shirt Factory

Cellular Clothing Co. Ltd.

Hughenden Town Council

A.N.A. Manufacturing Coy Wages subsidy

Meat Australian Meat Board Stone & Co.

Tasmanian Whole Milk Subsidy (after Sept. 48)

Flour Freight Subsidy Adelaide to Darwin

Industrial Disputes Stoppages. Kemeira Tunnel

Suspects List

Coupon Advances

Infantry Commanders Conference

AHQ Field Survey Section Woomera Wireless Communications

Long Range Weapons Project Launching Zone Area Communications

Long Range Weapons Project Communications

AHQ Policy Statement Explosives & Demolition Stores

Mortar Ammunition and Ammunition Abbreviations

LRWP Estimates

Conference - Immigration Commonwealth and State Ministers (Canberra) 18/10/1948

Suspects List

North Australia Development Committee. 5th Meeting - 13th and 14th March 1947

Walter Gates - Prosecuted under Crimes Act (Stealing)

United Nations Trusteeship Council

Johann Georg Linsenmeier - Admission

Taranto, Angelo - Alien control

Leonardi, Michele - Alien control

Buschmann, Werner - Repatriation

Robson, N - Passport

Visit- Stafford A R

Territories - General - Departmental instructions

Proposed acquisition of Lombrum Plantation - Mandated Territories

Mandated Territories - Application for visas to travel to Los Negros

Mandated Territories - Application for permits for entry into Manus

Nauru - Miscellaneous - Water supply - Nauru

Copra - Storage in the Territory - Storage space for export commodities

ANGPCB - Stores and trade goods - Native meat supplies - Tinned meat and tinned fish

ANGPCB - Stores and trade goods - Native trade tobacco

Post War Reconstruction - Town reconstruction - Town allotments for Asiatics - Policy - Kokopo

Norfolk Island - Financial - Reimbursement of Departmental Advance Account

Diseases - Venereal General - Individual Cases.

Cancer. Radium Emanation Depots and Workshops Accounts Section 7.

Cancer - Radium Emanation Depots & Workshops. Quarterly return of Radium containers distribution.

Conferences & Congresses Fourth International Congress on Tropical Medicine. April, 1948

Epidermiological Reports Eastern Bureau of the League of Nations. Weekly Wireless and Cable Reports Sect. 20

Epidemiological Reports. Eastern Bureau of League of Nations. Weekly Wireless and Cable Reports. Section 21

Estimates 1947-48

A.C.T. Accidents to Commonwealth Employees - Canberra. Dept. of Works & Housing.

Departmental Research Committee.

Insurance General

International Office of Health. Contributions to upkeep. Section 3.

Medical examination of employees, Commonwealth Public Service, and application for pensions A.C.T. Section 11

Medical Exams Colonial Officers

Miscellaneous General Section 6

Munitions Medical Services Relations with Controller of Welfare and Department of Labour & National Service. Section 5.

N.H. & M.R.C. Streptomy cin Committee Section 1

National Health & Medical Research Council Alan Johnston, Lawrence and Mosely Research Fellowship

Northern Territory. Housing and Furniture Arrangements for Departmental officers section 2

Northern Territory - Staff. Wilshire, Dr. J.M.

Northern Territory - Staff. Dr. R. Yates.

Premises-Stores-Depots Fumigation Chambers at Cairns SECTION 2

Public Health, Health Acts etc. Requests for

Regulations United Kingdom Section 5

Regulations United Kingdom Section 6

Returns Temporary Employment Central and Victoria Section 3

Returns. Statement of health expenditure for the month. Western Australia Section 3

Returns. Statement of expenditure. Monthly Tasmania Section 2

Returns overtime staff. Quarterly - Western Australia Section 2

Societies and Associations Incapacitated and wounded Sailors and Soldiers Association of Queensland

Speech Therapy. Letter from Miss Badcock Registration of Speech Therapists.

Stores and Equipment Central Office

Stores and Equipment. School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine Section 4

Para Typhoid Fevers Salmonella

War. Miscellaneous. MECC and CMCC Section 1.

Recommendations for AFC and Commendations Quarter ending 15/8/47

Middle Eastern Division South Africa Scientific Enquiries

Shipping UMCC - United Nations Maritime Consultative Committee

Wages Subsidy D. Adler & Coy.

Subject: Import Subsidies Revised Schedule of Eligible Items.

Subject: Insulin (Burroughs Wellcome & Co.)

Rice Straw H.S.K. Ward Pty. Ltd.

Textile Wages Subsidy - S. Linde Pty. Ltd.

Sanforised Ingotene - Ingot Mills P/L.

Bread - Toowoomba Qld.

Bread Warwick, Queensland

Bread Gympie - Queensland

Sth. Queensland Egg Marketing Board

Milk Dubbo, Forbes and Wellington N.S.W.

Edward Bentley & Sons P/L. Soft Fibre Yarns & Linen Thread

Woven Cotton Shirting Paul Sunners. Brown and Dureau P/L

Jam J. Ambrose P/L.

Wages Subsidy - F. Malouf

A. Abotomey & Sons Clothing Trades Award

J. Yoffe Pty. Ltd. Clothing Trades Award

Karoola P/L and Bunyip Clothing Manfg. Co. P/L. Clothing Trades Award

Soap G. Mowling & Sons P/L

Pigmeat Released to Bacon Curers by DC Meat Supplies N.S.W.

Milk Taee and Woods Young - N.S.W.

Milk G.E. Willis - Apsley, N.S.W.

Sweet Cream - W.A.

Milk T.A. Barnett Orange

Films - Odeon Cinema Club Screenings

State Monthly Returns 1947

State Returns

Coupon Advances

Banks

Bank Returns

Registered Traders

Council of Foreign Ministers

U K Steel Industry Proposal for the protection of

Notes on Customs Unions Part 1

U N Economic & Social Council ILO Iron & Steel Committee

Notes on Customs Unions - Part 2

Australian Compositions - Recordings

Australian Composers and Compositions 1948

United Kingdom - Liaison with Ministry of Works & Planning (Fielding)

Radio ABC - Staff and Artists Resignation of Mrs P Stare from the service of the Australian Broadcasting Commission

Report by Minister for the Army re Tour of Duty in Jan 1947

Long Range Weapons Project Interum Functional Table of Organization

Directorate of Guided Weapons Provisional Orgn

Long Range Weapons Project Organising Range Head

Proposed use of Salisbury Factory

Photographs RAE Rocket Propulsion Dept

LRWE Observation Posts. Telephone Communications

Fuzes Bombe Mortar Suspension of Issue Nos 151,152 etc

Cartidges ML 3-in Mortar

5.25 in Remote Power Control Gear

Staff - South Australia - Including LRWE - Applications for Employment

Financial Affairs of Camp 2 Waldheim

Haifa Germans Fund of Camp 2 and 3 With Barclays Bank Haifa

Financial Affairs of Camp 3 Beth-lahm

German Fund Accounts of Camp 3, Accounts of Camp 2 (Includes A/cs re Forests to Waldheim and Bethlehem)

Cash Accounts of Camps 2 and 3 (Waldheim and Bethlehem)

Gebrueder Wagner Agent: Award Engineering Co Jaffa

Chas Boutagy and Co Ltd Haifa POB

Jacob J Levy POB 942 Haifa

Accounts of Kopro Ltd Waldheim Camp 2

Packages

Transfer of Funds to Australia

Bank of the Temple Soc Ltd

SPEECHES 1947-48

GOULD, James etc.

Suspects List

Ships' registers - arrivals and departures, Melbourne

A Verbatim Transcript of Notes of Proceedings at Meeting of Ministers for Transport held in Sydney (Official copy)

Walter, Friedrich and family - Alien control

Friedrich Max Arnhardt Arnold Scheidt - Alien control

Peper, Hermann Gustav Christoph - Alien control

Pallaser-Hohenstein, Robert Frans - Alien control

Schultze, Hermann - Alien control

Schroeder, Carl Heinrich Julius - Deportation

Bischoff, Gunther Emil Hermann - 1. Release application 2. Deportation

Herr, Helmut Friedrich Arthur and wife, Juliane Hertha - Deportation

Fruechtenichtk, Helmut - Deportation

Remission of Sentences. Applications for. Period 1946-1950

Firefighting Equipment Arrangements.

War Gratuity to members of Services. Part 2

Pillar Boxes

ANGPCB [Australian New Guinea Production Control Board[ - Staff - Angel, L W

ANGPCB - Stores and trade goods - Office requisites

ANGPCB - Stores and trade goods - Motor tyres

ANGPCB - Pre-fabricated buildings

Papuan Staff - Mustard, C

Advertisements. Australian Broadcasting Act. Broadcasting of Advertisements relating to Medicines and Medical Talks.

Cancer - Radium. Emanation Depots and Workshops Accounts. Section 6.

Cancer - Radium Commonwealth Laboratories of Physics. (In relation to Radiology) Section 9

Creation & Filling Positions. National Fitness Officers. Male 0648-720 - Female 0558-630

Epidemiological Reports Eastern bureau of the League of Nations - Weekly Wireless reports. Section 19.

Estimates 1946/47 (Section 1)

Estimates - General Section 2.

Federal Capital Territory Workmans Compensation Claims Section 3.

Australian Capital Territory Establishment of a First Aid Post - Kingston

Films, Public Health Matters. Section 5

Registration C.O. 1946 Applications for Positions

Medical Examination of Employees in C.P.S. New Guinea.

Medical Examination of Colonial Officers

Medical Examination - State Income Tax Officers Transferred to C'wealth 1.7.46-Superannuation.

Medical Examination of Employees in C.P.S. & Others by C.M.O.

Medical Examination of Employees in C.P.S. & others by C.M.O.

Medical Practitioners National Security (Alien Drs.) Regs. 1942. General. Section 6.

Medical Services - Penicillin. Buildings Section 2.

Medical Services - Penicillin. Distribution of ... Section 3

Munitions Medical Services Finance etc. (Victoria) Section 2

Munitions for Medical Services. Monthly Return of Duties Performed. Sth. Aus. Section 3.

Munitions Medical Services. Monthly Return of Duties Performed. South Australia.

Newspaper Cuttings. H.C.Office - London.

Northern Territory. Veterninary Officers. Section 2

Northern Territory - Staff L.D. McKinnon

Staff Northern Territory Mulhearn, C.J.

Staff -Exempt Northern Territory Pilot for Darwin Aerial Ambulance J. Slade.

Staff - Northern Territory. R.R. Murray

Staff - Exempt - NT. Dr. H.S. Roberts.

Staff - Exempt - NT. Dr. J. Vidas.

Staff - Northern Territory. Dr. J. Andrews.

Northern Territory - Staff Dr. L.J. O'Keefe.

Northern Territory - Staff Dr. H.V. Webster.

Premises & Buildings General Section 2.

Public Health Engineering. Disposal of Nightsoil

Quarantine (Active) of Vessels. Smallpox - "Fort Wrangell".

Quarantine Act and Regulations. General File relating to proposed amendments to Consideration of Section 2

Quarantine Act & Regulations Proposed Amendments. Amending Legislation

Returns. Annual returns to Public Service Board Section 6

Returns - Revenue All states Section 3

Serum Laboratories Products - Sale of - Wholesale Agents for - Tasmanian Oil & Drug Pty. Ltd. 373 Flinders St., Melbourne

Societies and Associations. Australian Organic Farming and Gardening Society

Staff Institute of Anatomy. M.E. Griffith - Zoologist

Stores and Equipment Rockhampton Section 3

Stores and Equipment School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine.

Stores - Authority to Condemn and Dispose of Serum Laboratories

War Manpower Section 3

War Radioactive Isolopes and Elements of use in Medical Treatment and in Physiology Section 1.

WAR Radioactive Isotopes in Leukemia 1. Extract from American Journal of Roentgenology 2. Investigation into size of focal spot of Rotating Anode Tubes, C.E. Eddy T.C. No. 31 Section 3

War. Physiological Research Committee (War Prob.) Prof. D.K. Lee Section 2

War. Emergency Civil Medical Practitioners Service. Return of Expenditure. Queries regarding Accounts and Fees (N.S.W.)

War Transfer of the activities of the CMCC and MECC to this Department. Section 3 General.

War. Transfer of the activities of the CMCC and MECC to this Department. General. Section 4.

War - Miscellaneous. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee)

War. Miscellaneous Correspondence MECC - CMCC Section 17

War. Miscellaneous Correspondence

War. Misc. Correspondence

War. Misc. Correspondence

Dr. W.P. MacCallum (41) copies of Application for Nuffield.

Overseas travelling Fellowships Carnegie Section 1.

War Economic and social council. United Nations Organization. including June Conference, 1946 Section 2.

X-Ray Australia wide Chest Survey

Proposed Invitation to President of the Women's Voluntary Service, England to Visit Australia.

Recommendation for Award A/Commander JH Summers

Use of Salisbury for Army Storage requirements in South Australia.

Staff. Controller of Joint Service Organisations

Joint Services Staff College File 1

Proposed British Awards to members of the Australian Red Cross for services in South-East Asia.

Wolfram & Scheelite Part 9

Alfred Stone. Representations.

Central Administration Instructions (Customs)

Argentina - Trade and Payments Agreements.

Meat Diversion. Case No. DB1/9 Subject Officer Mr. Walters

Meat diverted for Civilian Consumption by the Controller General of Meat Supplies. Case No. DB 1/10 Subject Officer - Mr. Walters.

Phenacetin

Saccharin

Australian Cotton Goods

Importation of Hides from New Zealand

Electricity at Murgon. Queensland

Australian Woven Piecegoods - Prestige Fabrics Ltd.

J.G. Turner Pty. Ltd. - Fruit Pulp Tins

Sheep and Lamb Pelts

Electricity at Broome. W.A.

Meat. Queensland

Electricity at Manjimup. W.A.

Whole Milk - Cooma N.S.Wales

Milk Transported to Rockhampton from Toowoomba & Mackay. Queensland

Western Australian Clothing Manufacturers

Transport of Fodder to Broken Hill

Australian Manufactured & Imported High Speed Steels

Increase in Receiving & Delivery Charges on Explosives at Laverton Magazine. Victoria

Bread in Brisbane & Ipswich. Qld.

ICJANZ Ltd. Importation of Explosives

Electric Motors for Dairying Industry. W.S. Williamson Vic.

Dates - Murdock Bros. Pty. Ltd. Hobart

Bread. Rockhampton

Fruit Pulp - Tasmania

Beetle Elliott Plastics Pty. Ltd. Rozelle N.S.Wales

Maryborough Knitting Mills (Cattle) Limited

Broken Hill Meat

Whole Milk - Basic. Seasonal Subsidies

Meat Diverted for Civilian Consumption by the Controller General of Meat Supplies

Increased Female Wages in Textile Industry (Woollen & Worsted, Cotton, Carpet & Flax Sections)

Increased Female Wages & Annual Leave in Textile Industry (Knitting & Knitwear Sections)

Huon Transport Pty. Ltd. Hobart, Tasmania Freight Rates

Imported Soda Ash ICJANZ.

Australian Grown Linseed

Timber for Brush Handles W.A. Brushware (1909) Ltd.,

Mite Infested Chaff

Lever Associated Enterprise P/L

Sugar - Federation of Retail Grocer's Associations

Eclipse Soap and Candle Coy. - Soap Lyes

"Centenary Pleaters" - A. Cohen

Meat Purchased and Subsidisal by Controller of Meat Supplies

Bran and Pollard Movement to N.S.W. and Qld. from other States

Jams and Canned Fruits

Australian Apple and Pear Board

Electricity at Coonabarabran N.S.W.

Jacquard Worsted Mills P/L

Films - Western Australia

Films - Films for W Australian Govt

Films - Noel Monkman

Complaint re standard of bread supplied to canteen

Bread Industry Advisory Committee Trust Account Funds

Minutes of meeting of Bread Industry Review Committee

Proposal to continue Bread Industry Review Committee

Examination of Italian Consulate Records

Distribution of Matches

Lost Ration Documents

Advances to Traders

Bank Returns

Registered Traders

Release of overseas internees

Australian Compositions

Australian Composers and Compositions 1947

Northern Australia Development Committee Report on Blair-Athol Development

United Kingdom - Liaison with Ministry of Works & Planning (Fielding)

Establishment of Hand & Mould made Paper Industry A.C.T.

Records of Psychopathic States in 8 Div. A.I.F.

Organization and Weapons Policy Committee Part 3

BWGMC News Letters

Anti Tank Guided Missile

Application for Spare Parts for 6pdr Gun

Removal from RMC of 1010 Staff Cadet B.P. McCoy





The Templegemeinde Sarona - Jaffa

Proposed Award of Netherlands Decorations 15 RAN Personnel

Speeches and articles - post war

Overseas purchaces: war cabinet approves of purchace of Gyro gun sights by Royal Australian Navy

Department of National Defence (Army) - Army/Air Planning Vol 1

War - USBC - Armed Forces - service personnel enquiries re

Gollnick, Paul Ernst - Application for repatriation

War damage - Papua and New Guinea. Compensation for and prevention of, deterioration to plantations due to abandonment

National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Application for Marriage and Birth Certificates - Wharton - Kirke, Clement

Births, Deaths, Marriages - Entries under Regulation 21A - Brown, Rodger Samuel

National Security (External Territory) Regulations - Births, Deaths Marriages - Entries Under (Regulation 21A) - Laws, R A

Entries under Regulation 21A - National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Buchanan, P M

Entries under Regulation 21a - National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Ahearn, J H

National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Birth Certificate - R J Heming

Birth Certificate - E J Stephens - New Guinea

Birth Certificate - A P H Freund - New Guinea

Births, Deaths and Marriages - Entries under Regulation 21A - Bayley, S V

Births, Deaths and Marriages - Entries under Regulations (21A) - Winzong, J C

National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Births, Deaths and Marriages - Entries under Regulation 21A - See To Hee You

National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Births, Deaths and Marriages - Entries under Regulation 21A - Barrett, Mrs Eileen

National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Births, Deaths and Marriages - Entries under Regulation 21A - Chin (Chen) Cheong

National Security (External Territories) Regulations - Births, Deaths and Marriages - Entries under Regulation 21A - Wong King

Outstanding claim against the Administration - Batze, Karl

Outstanding claim against Administration - New Guinea - De Martini, Emilo

ANGPCB - Staff - BRIERLEY, Arthur J

ANGPCB - Staff - Morehouse, Miss J N

ANGPCB - Staff - MINOGUE, F K

ANGPCB - Return of Planters and Employees - Jacobson, C - Wolfcanus Plantation

New Guinea - Miscellaneous - Satchell, Mrs Irene

Norfolk Island - Public Hall Ordinance

New Guinea Staff. Goodwin, F

New Guinea Staff - McMahon, L J

New Guinea Staff. Stephens, Miss Barbara

Papuan Staff - Hogan, A L

Papuan Staff - Darby, L

Papuan Staff - Mann, John T

Provisional Public Service Register - General - And Intestacy. Registrar General - Appointment of

Hospitals General. Section 5. 1945-47.

Returns. Statement of Health expenditure for the month. Queensland. Section

War. Emergency Civil Medical Practitioners Service Returns of Expenditure. Queries regarding Accounts and Fees (Western Australia) Section 4

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. Miss J.B. Skeels

War Emergency Civil Medical Practitioners service overseas travelling fellowships. General. Section 2.

Overseas travelling fellowships. Nuffield fellowships.

Overseas travelling fellowships, Rockefeller Section 1.

War Economic and social council United Nations Organization. including June Conference, 1946. Section 1.

Navigation - Limitations of runway dimension for RAAF aircraft

Recommendations from Northern Command for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 31/3/1945

Recommendations from NE Area for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 31/3/45

Recommendations from NW Area for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 31/3/1945

Recommendations from Northern Command for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/6/45

Recommendations from NW Area for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/6/45

Recommendations from 1st TAF for Immediate and Periodical operational awards. Quarter ending 30/6/45

Recommendations from Areas and Groups for awards for inclusion in New Year Honours List 1946

RAAF - DPS - Honours and Awards. Recommendation for award to Mr G. Knowles

Recommendations from NW Area for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/9/45

Davey, G.H - Cptn AIF - VX88163. Recommendation award of DFC

RAAF - DCAS Recommendations for Awards - Members of Far Eastern Liaison Office.

Green, FD F/Sgt 423170 Representation by F/O Donnelly for award

Recommendations from Areas and Groups for operational awards received subsequent to submission of final lists submitted by Air Board

RAAF - DPS - Recommendations by Air Board for periodical operational awards for quarter ending 30th Sept. 1945

Honours - Military Division Birthday List 1945

RAAF Periodical Operational Awards: 1st July to 30th September, 1945

RAAF periodical Operational Awards: 1st July to 30th September 1945

Honours - Military Division New Year List 1946

AIF Capitation

Raw Materials Imported into Australia for US Forces under Reciprocal Lend Lease.

Far Eastern Advisory Commission. Working Committee No 1. United States Initial Post Surrender Policy for Japan. Note by the Secretary General

USA - General

Military Court - PWI 59736 Pagano, Giovanni

Military Court - PWI 46682 Santini, Paolo

Powers and Activities of Army Public Relations. War Cabinet Agendum 240/45

CRTS . Trainee Administration General trainee classified 40% proficient

Mr. J. Farnsworth Hall - Auditions

Correspondence

Auditions

Auditions

Demobilisation - Rate of Discharge - Cabinet Agendum 994 (7 folios)

Staff. Diver Finemore

Sparrow Force Timor - Report on and Lists of Suspected Deserters



Kopro Deutshe Konsumenten und Produzenten Haifa Co-operative Society Limited

Retention of air raid shelters as a civil defence measure

War establishments investigating committee

Service releases in relation to high priority industrial needs

Relaxation of manpower controls - civilian register

Recommendation for recognition of service - New Guinea campaign

Gun crews for merchant ships

Recommendation for operational awards to officers & men of the escort forces of South West Pacific area

Recommendations for honors & awards - C.G. Little Lt;Cdr:

Allied Prisoners of war & civilians recovered from the enemy by Australian Military forces

Statistical information regarding normal discharges from the three services

American works project - examination by Board of business administration

Production executive agenda & decisions

Production executive agenda & decisions

Production executive agenda & decisions

Production executive agenda & decisions

Production executive agenda & decisions

Industrial Demolition Handbook, Volume 4, December 1945

Transport. Bus Passes. Returned Soldiers. Part 2

Universities Commission Bill 1945. Education Bill 1945

Holewa, Alois - Permanent admission

Imperial Institute - Commonwealth Grant

Expurgation of Sentence.

Provisional Administration - Proposed increase in number of Administrative Districts of Papua & New Guinea

Finance. General. Financial arrangements with Department of Army on change over from Civil Administration

Papuan Staff - Dunstan, Miss Josephine M - Matron

Medical examination of employees in C'wealth Public Service and applications for pensions. A.C.T. Section 9

War. Emergency Civilian Medical Practitioners Service. Returns of Expenditure Queries regarding Accts. and Fees (Western Australia) Section 3

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. P. Ackman

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. (M.I. Beaumont) M.A. Cleary

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. D.A. Butler. (Clegg)

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. Miss M.L. Hanies

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. Dr. F.H. Morar

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. Dr. C.V. Mackay

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. F.W. Ritchie

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. O. Ringler

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. C.M. Turnbull

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. E.M. Burgess

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. M.C. Johnston

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. E.K. Miller

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. T.C. Munro

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. E.H. Ward

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) staff. M.J. Fraser

War. CMCC & MECC Staff Miss P.G. Burder

War. Staff of MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee). Miss J.M. Butler

DTS - "Q" type sailing dinghy - general technical details

Recommendations for Immediate and Periodical operational awards NE Area Jan.-Mar.1944

Recommendations for Immediate and Periodical operational awards NW Area Jan.-Mar.1944

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations from Northern Command for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/6/44

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations from NE Area for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/6/44

RAAF -DSD - Recommendations for Branch of the CAS for State Awards

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations from NW Area for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/6/44

Recommendations from Areas and Groups for award AFC and AFM - Quarter ending 15/8/44

Recommendations from NE Area for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/9/1944

Recommendations from No 10 OG Operational Group for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/9/1944

Recommendations from Northern Command for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 30/9/44

RAAF - DATC - Honours and Awards, ATC Officers and Instructors

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations from 1st TAC Air Force for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 31/12/1944

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations from Northern Command for immediate and periodical operational awards

Recommendations from NW Area for immediate and periodical operational awards quarter ending 31/12/44

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations from Areas and Groups for award AFC and AFM quarter ending 15/11/44

Recommendation for award to Lieut-Commandr JSW George

Recommendations from 1st TAF for Immediate and Periodical operational awards quarter ending 31/3/1945

Court of Inquiry into Trading at No 15 ARD Aircraft Repair Depot

Armstrong HD LAC 442320 Court of Inquiry re Death of on 20.4.44 No 3 AOS Air Observer School

DPS - RAAF Station, Canberra - Internal dissension

RAAF Periodical Operational Awards - 1st October to 31st December 1944

Lieutenant Colonel J.C. Mullaly, Australian Military Forces Proposed award of United States decoration

AMF Periodical Operational Awards - 1st Oct 1944 to 31st Mar. 1945

Australian Military Forces - Periodical Operational Awards 1st April - 30 Sept. 1944

Personnel ex Middle East en route to Australia.

Embarkation Rolls from OHQ re personnel embarking from India for Australia.

Central Reconstruction Training Committee - Register of papers - B Series

Darwin Aerial Photographic Mosaic Glass Negatives

Industrial Demolitions - Basic Course, 1953

Industrial Demolitions Handbook Volume 1 February 1944

Rail Demolitions

Four Propaganda Records, Probably In Pidgin

Rural Reconstruction Commission. A General Survey. The Commission's First Report dated 17th January, 1944

Housing - Exchange of Information with USSR

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Medical Planning Committee. Minutes of Meeting and Interim Report.

Andreoli, Rocco (Army) PWI 58074 - Born: 14 April 1917, San Giovanni Incarico Italy - Captured: 11 December 1901, Bug Bug Egypt - Previously interned: 6 March 1941, India - Arrived Australia: MARIPOSA, 5 Febriaru 1944, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Apollonio, Archimede (Army) PWIX 6589 - Born: 27 February 1910, Italy - Captured: 27 Septeember 1941, Wolchefit - Previously interned: 17 October 1941, India - Arrived Australia: MELON, 29 December 1944, Melbourne - Interned: Hume Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Italy

Ballarotta, Vincenzo (Army) PWI 56045 - Born: 20 September 1910, Xitta Trapani Italy - Captured: 10 December 1940, Sidi Barrani Egypt - Previously interned: 15 June 1941, Geneifa Egypt - Arrived Australia: 1 November 1943 - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: T. S. OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Senese, Gennaro (Army) PWI 60012 - Born: 4 April 1918, Naples Italy - Captured: 4 January 1941, Bardia Libya - Previously interned: 23 February 1941, India - Arrived Australia: RUYS, 22 February 1944, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: NMurchison Victoria - Departed: T.S. EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Schiavone, Savino (Army) PWI 61670 - Born: 7 July 1903, Andria (Bari) Italy - Captured: Not known - Previously interned: 3 January 1942, India - Arrived Australia: 26 April 1944 - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Sarni, Marco (Army) PWI 58900 - Born: 16 October 1906, Rotello Campobasso Italy - Captured: 4 April 1941, Asmara Eritrea- Previously interned: 16 September 1941, India - Arrived Australia: 5 February 1944 - Interned: Brighton Tasmania - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Sironi, Ambrogio (Army) PWI 62618 - Born: 13 March 1917, Bulciago (Como) Italy - Captured: 6 February 1941, Agedabia Libya - Previously interned: 21 January 1942, India - Arrived Australia: MT VERNON, 26 April 1944, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Complaint re position of domestic workers

Headquarters staff - Miss Z Zillman

Headquarters staff - Miss M Pascoe

Headquarters staff - Miss E V Courtney

Complaint re irregular behaviour of canvas inspector

Registered Traders Returns

Specialised Classes Correspondence Training General

Proceedings of Commonwealth and State Ministers Conferences

Powers of Direction - Regulation 15 judgement of High Court following appeal against decision of NSW Supreme Court

Headquarters staff - Mrs E Oram, Typist

Headquarters staff - Mrs P Tongate, Typist

Federal File

Balance Sheets and Associated Papers (BS Series) - Department of Trade and Customs

Disputes & Grievances General - Glass Workers NSW

Store - J Cashin

S. Hughes - 3rd Grade Diver

Mr W.C. Ives. Mechanic Welder

Staff. Capt. J.O. Langley

Staff. Capt. C.J.R. Webb

Staff. Mr. G.L. Blake Senior Clerk

"St. Giles" Manning

"Caledonian Salvor" Manning

PW 62927 Chiummiento, D.

Kurt Flussman

Reinhold Boelter

Staff - Trinuma J W 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Capt J P Williams Chief Salvage Officer Accident - Sick Leave etc File No 2

Staff - Mr T H Lovell - Diver



Proposal for RCM on Bakers Fox

Defence committee's review of production in ammunition & explosives sections

Estimates of costs of defence works

Minister: Claims for compensation made by K.W. Jones of Lower Mitcham.

Requirements of the United Kingdom forces in Australia.

Industrial Demolitions Handbook Volume 2, April 1944

Ships' registers - arrivals and departures, Melbourne

Income Tax Assessment Act 1936-42. Section 221C Employees entitled to receive salary or Wages in Respect of a week or any part thereof.

A.W.A. Contacts Inquiry. Transcript of Evidence

Legal New Guinea - Petitions for Divorce. Action of the Crown Law Officer

Amoore, Reginald Henry - New Guinea Staff

New Guinea Staff. Kay, Charles E - Roadmaster

New Guinea Staff. Nig Yee - Engineer

Papuan Staff - Graham, W E

Papuan Staff - James Henry Thompson - Storeman

Section 8

Staff - Institute of Anatomy. Miss W. Stenhouse

War. Emergency Civil Medical Practitioners Service. Return of Expenditure Section 1

War. Emergency Civilian Medical Practitioners Service Return of Expenditure Queries regarding Accounts and Fees (Victoria.

War. Emergency Civil Medical Practitioners Services. Returns of Expenditure. Queries regarding accounts and fees Western Australia.

War. Emergency Civilian Medical Practitioners Services Returns of Expenditure. Queries regarding Accounts and Fees. (Western Australia) Section 2

War. MECC (Medical Equipment Control Committee) & CMCC (Central Medical Coordination Committee) Staff. Dr. C.H. Down (Part Time)

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations for award 412006 Sergeant Hacking, J - 422923 Leading Aircraftman Beveridge, HH

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations for Immediate and Periodical operational awards NW Area Apr.-June 1943.

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations for Immediate and Periodical operational awards NE Area Apr-June 1943

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations for Immediate and Periodical operational awards NW area July-Sept.1943

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations for Immediate and Periodical Operational Awards NW Area Oct-Dec.1943

413123 Sgt Hudson K.M. Recommendation for award of British Empire Medal

Air Force Headquarters - Provost Marshal - No 73294 ACI Barker, E W - Civil Trial

Honours for Nursing Services

Recommendations for Award of British Empire medal AMF New Year Honours 1944 1945

RAAF Periodical Operational Awards - 1st January to 31st March 1943.

Registry Staff Changes

Customs Tariff (Canadian Preparation) validation (No 2) No 239, Customs Tariff (Exchange Adjust) validation (No 2) No 236, Customs Tariff (New Zealand Preparation) validation (No 2) No 238, Customs Tariff (Special War Duty) validation (No 2) No 237, Customs Tariff validation (No 2) No 235, Excise Tariff validation (No 2) No 240

Technical Summary of rail trials

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Medical Survey Sub-Committee. Working Papers.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Medical Survey Sub-committee, General correspondence.

Turrisi, Antonino (Army) PWI47748 - Born: Not known - Captured: Not known - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: Myrtleford No 5. - Departed: TS EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Pavone, Gaetano PWI 48824 (Army) - Born: Not Known - Captured: Not known - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: Myrtleford, Victoria - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946 for Naples, Italy

Fiore Oscar (Army) PWI 49771 - Born: Not known - Captured: 20 February 1941, Greece - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: No 5 PW Group Myrtleford - Departed: Not known

De Palma, Michele (Army) PWI 49834 - Born: Not known - Captured: 4 January 1941, Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: Myrtleford Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Scipioni Rino (Army) PWI 57532 - Born: 10 September 1912, Union City Villa - Captured: 1 March 1941, Decalere (Eritrea) - Previously interned: 18 October 1941, India - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: Cowra - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Santucci, Concettino

Sorba, Giuseppe (Army) PWI 56959 - Born: 24 September 1910, Montechiaro D'Asti - Captured: 19 March 1941, Cheren Eritrea - Previously interned: 17 October 1941, India - Arrived Australia: LURLINE, 16 November 1943, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: Orbost Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

General Enquiries concerning Persons previously employed in Censorship.

National Security Economic regulations. Approvals. Galvanised Iron Manufacturers (Lysaghts Newcastle Works Limited) Award and The Mill Operators (Lysaghts Newcastle Works Limited) Award.

Interviewer - Miss Audrey Hunt

Election campaign - treatment of broadcasts

Headquarters staff, AWLA - F C Hooper

Headquarters staff, AWLA - Miss M O'Reilly

Headquarters Staff - Miss B M O'Grady

Headquarters staff - Mrs P Roche, Senior Interviewer

Headquarters Staff - Mrs L Berman, Senior Stenographer

Machinist fitter - applicant/appointment of Mrs Kerwin

Headquarters staff - L Vick

Headquarters staff - Mrs R Atkinson

Headquarters staff - applicant Mrs J B Davies, Mosman

Headquarters staff - Miss C Morgan

Headquarters staff - Mrs P Crozier

Headquarters staff - Miss A Laing

Headquarters staff - Miss O I Parker, staff records clerk/typist

Headquarters staff - Miss B Louds, relieving Office Assistant

Headquarters staff - Mrs M Davidson, Investigation Officer

Headquarters staff - Mrs Graham, Bookkeeper

Headquarters staff - Miss H Marr, Office Assistant

Headquarters staff - Miss I E Ikin, claims

Headquarters staff - attached to Miss L Savell

Headquarters staff - Miss R V Davey, Office Assistant

Accident not at present covered by Workers Compensation

Field staff - titles and designations for field staff

Uniforms - laundering of second hand garments

Code: The "Only" Code

Miss Nora Stevenson - applicant for headquarters staff

Headquarters staff - Mrs D G Gantman, Shorthand Typist

Headquarters Staff - Miss S Guthrie, Junior Office Assistant

Headquarters staff - Mrs B Collison, Typist/Telephonist

Headquarters staff - Miss D L Pitches, temporary typist

Washington Combined Meteorological Committee

Washington Combined Met Committee



Civilian Honours

Police Prosecution arising from fraudulent claims for dependants allowance.

Depot Staff C.A.H,. Paul

Depot Staff W.N. Todkill

AEME Workshop Installation in Eastern Australia

P.W.I. 48380 Bognolo, Angelo

Kemsley, A N Col (VX 80892)

Nominal Roll - Local Internees.

Solomons Area - Wireless Transmission Codes

Finished Reports

Staff - Capt D W Gibson Salvage Officer

Staff - Mr J E H Brooks

Staff - Captain Blair Actg Salvage Officer for VIC

Staff - Weston S 2nd Grade Diver

Staff - Barnes A L F 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Mr Graham 2nd Grade Diver

Staff - Hennessy 2nd Grade Diver

Staff - R L Piesse 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Captain G McDonald Salvage Officer for Victoria - Parts I and II

Staff - Captain H D Mitchell Master

Staff - Gaby C F Master Cambrian Caledonian

Staff - Webster F Master

Staff - Mr H Persson Diver

Staff - Mr A W Warren - Diver

Staff - Mr Graham Diver

Staff - Mr W Hancock Diver

Staff - Mr F Hood - Diver

Staff - Diver H Chadwick

Staff - Diver A Bryant

Staff - Darbyshire J L 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Testro N J - 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Scott T E - 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Chadwick H F - 1st Grade Diver

Staff - Fuller B R - 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Dalby JF - 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Hodkinson M C - 2nd Grade Diver

Parsons Eric J.A. O.N. 12535. Steward. Interim Medical Survey

Liberal party federal

STEIN,Maxwell Keich & Nancy Fay Air Force Dependant allowance

War Cabinet Agendum report on Land Lease

Prisoners of war - transfer to & employment in Australia

Ordering procedure when orders from local munitions production are in excess of requirements

Mrs; K.E. Ravenhill

Department of Defence: Agendum No. 197/1942, Supplement No. 4, review of War Commitments.

Department of Defence: Agendum No. 197/1942, Supplement No. 4, review of War Commitments.

(a) Supply of Engine (imported) (b) Provision of drawings (Hercules). Hercules engines for Beaufighters.

De Havilland request Airscrew Data for Aircraft fitted with Cyclone R.2600 engines.

Concerning Appendix "A" Serial A-19 and relevant correspondence.

Concerning Appendix "A" Serial A-19 and relevant correspondence.

Minister: Advice from the Prime Minister regarding the general principles and procedure governing the Australian War Effort.

Department of Defence: forward copies of miscellaneous War Cabinet Agenda and Minutes.

Steinmetzer, A I S M - Retention of British nationality

Fosters Shoes Pty Ltd - Contract with Commonwealth Government for military boots - Forged seal used on boots

Payment of dependents allowance to a bigamous wife. War financial (Air Force) Regulations

New Guinea - Miscellaneous - Howard Kerby; request for assistance in his divorce from wife

New Guinea - Miscellaneous - Rabaul Printing Works

New Guinea. Hutchinson, H J - Lands Investigation Officer - Exempt

New Guinea Staff. Tracey, Miss Doreen

New Guinea Staff. Walmsley, Mrs M - Typist (Female) - Exempt Officer

New Guinea Staff - Harry Badger - Chainman

New Guinea Staff. Smith, Dougall McD

Papua - Staff - McCarthy, J D (Postal Clerk)

Papuan Staff - Smith, S - Treasuer

Papuan Staff - O'Reilly, E C - Surveyor

Papuan Staff - Frank, Mrs Prudence - Typist

Territories - Papuan Staff - James C Ross

Papuan Staff - Sister K W Sheridan

Salary and Allowances - Rt. Hon. H.V. Evatt

Medical examination of employees in C.P.S. and applications for pensions N.S.W. Section 3

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations by Air Board for Periodical Awards

RAAF - AMP - Recommendations by Air Board for Periodical Awards.

Recommendations for Awards for Members of US Army Air Corps

RAAF - AMP - Honours and awards - Recommendation re 12681 LAC Henderson R

RAAF - AMP - Honours and Awards. Recommendations for AFC and AFM from Areas and Groups - quarter ending 15/11/42.

41204, Leading Aircraftman Newson, S C - Proceedings of Court of Inquiry re injury to

Miss Elizabeth Larke - Recognition of Services

Pte H Summers. Policy governing awards of BEM & GM(George Medal,British Empire Medal)

Copper Advance to H.M.Frewen and Others, Dundurrobin Copper Mine.

Evacuation - Mr J. Lefroy

Deputy Director Posts & Telegraphs Sydney

Income Tax Claims (Japanese Companies)

Landan, S.

Sheehan, H.

Nolan, J.

Honours - Recommendations by MLO

SINGLE COPIES OF BUSINESS LISTS SCHEDULES OF MINUTES, AGENDA ETC.

Industrial Demolitions Handbook Volume 3 December 1945

Shipping

Post War Reconstruction. Co-ordinator of Vocational Guidance. Files of H.S. Wyndham.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Rural Industries. Transcripts of Evidence.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Rural Industries. Papers of Senator Herbert Haynes.

Bongiovanni, Giovanni (Army) PWI 47078 - Born: Not known - Captured: Not known - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: Not known

W.S. New. History File

Finance: Commonwealth and States. Part 1.

Finance: Commonwealth and States. Part 2.

Finance: Commonwealth and States. Part 3.

War Organization of Industry

Evasion of Control of Materials Order.

Headquarters staff - Miss J Salhoub, relieving typist

Rev DA Samuel Robertson ORR



Headquarters Staff, AWLA - Miss D Griffith

Headquarters Staff, AWLA - applicants Miss L G Davis

Headquarters Staff, AWLA - Miss U G Woods

Headquarters Staff, AWLA - Mrs Anne Vaughan

Miss F Cowgill - Land Army PT Instructor



Headquarters staff, AWLA - Mrs T Spackman

Evidence at Rural Industries Committees

Headquarters staff, AWLA - Mrs Hazel Strong, Bookkeeper

Headquarters staff, AWLA - M W Churchill, Shorthand Typist

Headquarters Staff, AWLA - J R Richardson

Headquarters staff, AWLA - Mrs M Howarth, Equipment Clerk

Miss Margery Bird, AWLA , Supervisor

AWLA staff, temporary - Mrs M E Edwards

Headquarters Staff, AWLA - Miss Elsie Smith offers training

Welfare Officer - Headquarters Staff - Mrs P Youden, Hunters Hill

Central credit service, re indebtedness of supposed AWLA

Headquarters staff, AWLA - Mrs M D'Arrietta

Headquarters staff, AWLA - M E Armstrong

Headquarters staff - Mrs Woolfe

Headquarters staff - Miss F Crisp, field staff section

Headquarters staff - Miss D C Ashcroft

Commonwealth Investigation Branch

Information: National Security (Information) Regulations

Washington Combined Met Committee

War Organization Combined Met Committee

Dance Band

RAAF Defence and War Programmes

Major A W Riordan-Complaint

Court of Inquiry -R 36531 Hesses J, P 35661 Beock W, Q 75 Eichemeyer P

Major CE Martin WX100066

Staff. Depot - Mr H Clare

Depot Staff - N. Todkill

Staff. Capt. J.W. Herd

Staff. Mr A Tagg

Electrically Firing a Rocket and Setting a Time Fuze

Officer casualties "X" List

Invalids Evacuated from 7 MD

Diecheller, Johannes Rudolf George Beyreiss

Salvage Officer - NSW Captain Baigent

Staff - Capt J W Sampson, Salvage Officer SA

Staff - Capt J O V Young A/g Salvage Officer NSW

Staff - Capt H J Blair Acting Salvage Officer

Staff - Capt Ford D J Master

Staff - Anderson D G 2nd mate

Staff - Todd C 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - J W Herd Salvage Officer Qld

Staff - Capt J Faut Senior Salvage Officer

Staff - Fenemore H 1st Grade Diver; T E Rand Ketch Master; W G Butler 1st Grade Diver; F G C Sewell 3rd Grade Diver; T Russell 2nd Grade Diver; T A Lovell 2nd Grade Diver

Staff - Bowater E W - Senior Diver

Staff - A Bryant - Diver 2nd Grade

Staff - Edwards R - 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Hood F J - 2nd Grade Diver

Staff - K J Hood - 2nd Grade diver

Staff - Capt J McCall - Salvage Officer WA

Hathy, W J - Diver

Staff - Hancock WL - Foreman Diver

Staff - Johnstone - Junr 3rd Grade Diver

Staff - Todkill N M - 1st Grade Diver

Staff - King F P - 1st Grade Diver

Staff - Emery R S - 3rd Grade Diver

Allied Supply Standing Committee - 6th Meeting, 17th August, 1942.

Disposition of AIF in Far East

Proposal to procure 11 photographic reconnaissance type from UK. War Cabinet Agendum no. 519/1944.

National Motor Springs: Application from for loan of Centreless Grinding Machines.

Standards of work required for defence purposes

Minister: Regarding the undertaking of new manpower commitments by Commonwealth Departments.

Supplements to the M.E.W. "G" lists

Supplements to the war trade lists

War trade lists No 10

War trade lists No 11

HARRINGTON Colin - Service Number: SX13309

Child endowment - Payments etc and organisation (staff)

Iron Ore Investigation - Part file only - Main Portion transferred to Dept. Supply & Development.

List of aliens employed in NSW Government service

Supplies For Postmaster - General's Department.

Fostars Shoes Pty Ltd - Contract with Commonwealth Government for military boots - Forged seal used on boots

Gunner Allan Thomas Ex No 3349 13 HY Bty - Crown Solicitor Opinion No 127 of 1941

Nauru. Miscellaneous - Mrs Lau, wife of S C Lau, Government Interpreter, Nauru

Nauruan - Staff - Harris, W - Interprreter in Nauruan - Grant to widow

Norfolk Island - Miscellaneous - C E H Andrews

Copra Control Board - Disbursement of Funds - Higgs, W G

New Guinea - Maheer, F M

New Guinea Staff. Staley, W G

New Guinea Staff. Watson, Raymond

Papuan Staff - Mr M Hennessy - Teacher

Drought Relief 1940/41 Part III Part I 441/5/6 Part II 441/5/8

Medical Examination of employees in C/W Public Service and applications for pension A.C.T. Section 6

Medical examination of employees in C/W Public Service and applications for pensions. A.C.T. Section 7

Plant Quarantine N.S.W. Defalcations by State Officer

Employees at J.C. Hanson Pty. Ltd.

- Late F/Sgt D H Downs: Compensation to dependants

Singapore Conference Cabinet supplement No.1 WCA 135/41

Dept. of Defence. Electric Cable Inquiry, Letters etc.

Cable Electric D3 and D8. Representations of Minister for the Army to Acting Prime Minister.

Wireless transmitting equipment held by Mr W.B. Bestman (or Bessman), Gympie, Qld.

Honours - Military Division - Recommendations - Birthday List 1941; New Year List 1942 & Birthday List 1943

Jago, Josias: Deceased

Probationary Appointment of Miss Betty Streater, Typist

Miss H.T. Coutts, Typist. Temporary Transfer

Miss M.T. Laffen Typist

Mr. F.C. Nordeck. Retention of Services

Barracks Officer Mr. Egan

Transfer of Hicks, Witt & Jack, Miss M.B.

Murphy A.W. Confirmation of Appointment

Loan Council

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Minutes of meetings.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Proofs & Readers' Copies of Witnesses' evidence

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Papers relating to organisation and procedure.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. General Correspondence.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Correspondence re distribution of committee reports.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Rural Industries. Correspondence re General Administrative Arrangements for Committee and Witnesses

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Rural Industries. Working Papers, Leaflets and typed matter.

Acquiletti, Engo (Army) PWI 67845 - Born: 3 January 1919, Parma Italy - Captured: 30 December 1941, Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 13 October 1941, Sydney - Interned: Dorrigo New South Wales - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Italy

Astarita, Gino (Army) PW 57564 - Born: 18 February, Napoli - Captured: 25 June 1941, Massdura - Previously interned: 25 June 1941, India - Arrived Australia: HARDY, 16 January 1941, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: T.S. EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Grillo, Vincenzo (Army) PWI 45882 - Born: 1919, Pagani, Italy - Captured: 21 January 1941, Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 27 May 1941, Sydney New South Wales - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

La Scala, Antonio (Army) PWI 45944 - Born: 3 March 1920, Arzano Italy - Captured: 22 January 1941, Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 27 May 1941, Sydney - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Lopreite Andrea (Army) PWI 48536 - Born: 12 June 1911, Lungro Cosenza - Captured: 22 January 1941, Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 13 October 1941, Sydney - Interned: Cowra - Departed: T.S. EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Bergonzini, Ettore (Navy) PWI 55933 - Born: 13 February 1920, Genda Italy - Captured: 8 April 1941, Massaua {Mitsiwa] Eritrea - Previously interned: India - Arrived Australia: 4 October 1943 - Interned: Not known - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Renna, Domenico (Army) PWI 63403 - Born: 6 April 1913, Bari Italy - Captured: 5 January 1941, Bardia Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: VERNON CASTLE, 27 April 1944, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: T.S. .EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Pertosa, Constantino (Army) PWI 57970 - Born: 8 February 1919, San Nicandro Garganico Italy - Captured: 3 January 1941, Bardia Libya - Previously interned: 16 Febuary January 1941, India - Arrived Australia: HARDY, 16 January 1944, Melbourne Victoria - Interned: Kerang Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Bercari, Giovanni (Army) PWI 47898 - Born: 15 January 1920, Valdarsa Pola Italy - Captured: 21 January 1941, Tobruk Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 13 October 1941, Sydney New South Wales - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Bechert, Horst (Army) PWG 41076 - Born: 21 January 1921, Dresden - Captured: 14 April 1941, Tobruk - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: 23 August 1941, Sydney New South Wales - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: ORONTES, 22 January 1947, for Cuxhaven Germany

PASQUALI, Pasquale (Army) PWI 48604 - Born: 11 March 1917, Prezza Aquila - Captured: 5 January 1941, Bardia Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 13 October 1941, Sydney New South Wales - Interned: Yarram Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Facchini, Giovanni (Army) PWI 45636 - Born: 2 May 1915, Sant'Elia Fiumerapido - Captured: 22 January 1941, Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN MARY, 27 May 1941, Sydney - Interned: PWCC V22 Yarram Victoria - Departed: EMPIRE CLYDE, 16 December 1946, for Italy

Salciccia, Salvatore (Army) PWI 47699 - Born: Not known - Captured: Not known - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: Murchison Victoria - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Naples Italy

Spognetta, Quinto (Army) PWI 49913 - Born: 28 September 1918, Italy - Captured: 4 January 1941, Bardia Libya - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: QUEEN ELIZABETH, 16 December 1941, Sydney - Interned: Yanco New South Wales - Departed: OTRANTO, 10 January 1947, for Italy





Miss Paula Loring

(application affidavits etc) Adoption

Australian Composers and Compositions 1941-1943

Control of Essential Articles



Letter from G S Reichenbach

Letter from R Macadam

Letter from Mr B Rubin

Maj WT Muhlan and Lieut DH Challingsworth RFAS Badges.





Claims for Luggage Losses HMT "Queen Mary"

Gerhard Lewy

Pierre Henri Prevot

Mrs. H.M. Tillett

Offer of service - Mr. L.J. Johnstone

M.E.W. "G" lists

: Anonymous letter re communist members of the N.S.W. State Council of the Australian Railways Union.

Guilani, Guiseppe - Suggested deportation

Gross, George Ernest - Deportation

Montzouros, George - Deportation

Netherlands East Indies - Revised List of N.S.B. Members compiled from Record - Singapore Censorship

Wireless Telegraphists - Nauru

Nauruan - Staff - Allen, W J - Director of Education

Nauru - Staff - Rowe, E M - Nurse

Nauruan - Staff - Earle, Dr K V - Second Medical Officer

New Guinea Staff. F O Venning (Exempt Officer)

New Guinea - N R Beck - Overseer, Native Labour (Exempt)

New Guinea Staff. Tuckey, Mrs C

Papuan Staff - Dixon, T I - Road Overseer

Papuan Staff - Strickland, Miss H - Nurse

Purchase of Flax on Farms

Staff file - K.D. Fooks

Control of flying by civil aircraft - National Security (General) Regulations 45A - Restrictions order (Policy File)

Court of Enquiry. Disclosure of documents in regard to Air Board contract with Royal Queensland Aero Club

Cablegrams re changes in War Trade Lists.

Paul Jacklin

Treasury Budget and Accounting, Enemy Property, "Subject Index Cards - EP Series"

K.M. CAMPBELL P J. RADICH.

Miss G.J. Thompson

Beryl Rebecca Chisholm

Jeanne Brown

Curran, J.

Killeen, N.W.T. Confirmation of Appointment.

Wise, W.R. War Service Leave

Paper re Copra Industry

Tariff Board Minutes Index - July 1940 to June 1941

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Transcripts of Evidence.

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Correspondence re Meetings and Evidence.

Irrera, Giuseppe (Merchant Navy) PWIM 12059 - Born: 13 March 1894, Pace Messina Italy - Captured: 11 June 1940, Ship REMO (Fremantle) Western Australia - Previously interned: Not known - Arrived Australia: Not known - Interned: Myrtleford Victoria - Departed: Not known

Di Lauro, Leonardo PWIX 65514 (Army) - Born: 1 November 1907, Manduria, Italy - Captured: 9 December 1941, Bug Bug, Egypt - Previously interned: 20 January 1940, India - Arrived Australia: MELON, 29 December, 1944, Melbourne, Victoria - Interned: Hume, Victoria - Departed: ORONTES, 21 January 1947 for Naples, Italy

Balance Sheet PBC (Canberra) Files submitted by Companies for the purpose of Price Control

Employment as undersirable persons as Censors.

National Security (General) Regs. (Ratcliff & Thomas)

Cuts from News Reels

Fox Film Corporation (Australia) Pty LTD

Supply of Films to Japanese Consulate General



Objection against internment-Guiseppe Cotto

Detention Order for Ercole Boschetti

Vito Antonino Scardimo- objection against Internment

Objection Against Internment - Angelo Merlimo

Objection Against Internment- Salvatore Ruggiero

Objection Against Internment Rosario Di Benedetto

National Security (General) Regulations Detention Order Posquale Catanzarto

National Security (General) Regulations re Guiseppe Stefano Giovanni Cotto

German Internees Transferred to Southern Command

Ercole Cesalpine Depmino Boschetti. Objection against internment

Objection against internment -Herman Friedrich Wilhelm Karl Muir

Sadrinna Hugp Walter Objection against internment

Frederick Theodor Picker. Objection against internment

Objection against internment. Franz Rupprecht Erust Oscar Walter Kuschnitsky

FREOW Kuschnizky Objection against internment

Giobanni Dorigo-"Dossier"

Agostino Bonaguro Application Release

Darwin - Personnel Transferred from for Medical Reasons

Recommended Discharge of Ptes Cropper and Lavell

Government Departments - Development of Labour & National ServiceMinister (H. E. H) File on Internees

Application for employment

Restuccia - requests for release etc.

MV Eidanger - question of reliability of captain

Meat - Minutes of Meetings of International Beef Conference and Empire Beef Council

Press cuttings - Industrial conditions - Hours of labour

Crown Solicitor's Opinions

Contract for alterations and additions to Canberra Telephone Exchange, No 1 Secretariat

De Gorzi, R - Naturalisation

Nauru - Staff - Biggin, F H

Nauruan - Staff - Davies, E - Nurse

Papua - Administrative - Executive Council minutes, 1939

New Guinea - Wechtritz, Mrs R G - Desire to resume British Nationality

New Guinea - Marrie, J E

New Guinea - Page, S

New Guinea - Randell - K A

New Guinea Staff - Scott, W - Exempt Officer

New Guinea Staff - Irving, M - Typist

New Guinea Staff - Gissing, J - Typist

New Guinea Staff - Sherry, M - Typist

New Guinea Staff - Hately, G A

New Guinea Staff - Rylands, M W S - Exempt Officer

Agricultural Council 9th Meeting

Aus. Agricultural Council 10th Meeting

Medical examination of employees in C/W Public Service and Applications for Pensions, A.C.T. Section 5

Institute of Anatomy Staff - Wilmot, Miss B.

Staff Permanent - Australian Institue of Anatomy - E.C. Slater.

Imperial Pensioners Receiving Treatment Part 2

Appointments. B.J.O.'Donoghue, Air G.W. Woodall, Co-ord. D.B. Shine, Air J. Wain, Co-ord.

Series Description consists of 3 photocopies of CRS M100 dated Sep. 1939 to Aug. 1941. That part of this accession which is in folders is identified on the folder by date range of folder content and by copy number (1, 2 or 3). Each of the remaining groups of photocopies which are arranged by months is tied by an unmarked paper band.

Censorship Regulations

Supply of Foodstuffs to the War Office, canned corned beef, tinned meats, jams, sugar, dried fruits & Tinned cheese - butter

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Working papers, leaflets and typed matter.

Residue of Balance Sheet B/S Files retained by Prices Branch - Claims and Statements by Companies

Applications for War Gratuities (Navy) War

H.A. RORKE (Special File - ordinary staff file on Staff file section)

NSW Security Service file - Von Drehnan's dossier

Debts - Lieut -





Supply of Arms equipment and Ammunition for New Guinea Scheme

Dossier of Fredericks, Herman Otto - Dossier No. 7239

Schnetze Herman Appln for release

Rudolf Schultz

Otto Kubsch

Werner Rossbach

Hans Edward Schmidt, Mrs Annie Marie Schmidt

Gottfried Ernst Burgner

Granz Wilhelm Degen

Wende, Alfred German

Kuno Hans Grasle

Hellmuth Grunwald

Board of inquiry into theft of naval jeep

North Australian Expedition, September - November 1938

Meat - Minutes of Meetings of International Beef Conference and Empire Beef Council

Meat - International Beef Conference and Empire Beef Council

Return of Imperial Cerificates granted to persons naturalised in Australia and revocations

Nauruan - Staff - Buchanan, L J A - Director of Education

Papua - Administrative - Executive Council minutes, 1938

New Guinea Staff - A W Munro - Senior Wireless Mechanic

New Guinea Staff - Ewen, J A

New Guinea - Staff - Sweet, Miss H

New Guinea - Staff - Dunning, Miss K E

New Guinea Staff - Hendrick, C

New Guinea - Weston, F R

New Guinea - Nauru - Lord, S

New Guinea - Brown, A L M

New Guinea - Waddell, J R

New Guinea Staff - Burston, O E

New Guinea - Whiting, A G

New Guinea - Cunningham, G

New Guinea Staff - Chopin, E I G

New Guinea - MacLeod, A

New Guinea - Blakeney, E M

New Guinea Staff - Beckett, H J

New Guinea Staff - Holland, A N

New Guinea Staff - H H Hodgson - Schooner Engineer

New Guinea Staff - Haley, V W

New Guinea Staff - Smeeton, B L J - Clerk

New Guinea Staff - Robertson, D C

New Guinea. Staff. Paterson, M C

Agricultural Council Seventh Meeting

Australian Agricultural Council 8th Meeting

Medical Examination of Employees in C.P.S. and applications for pensions New South Wales. Section 2

Medical examination of employees in C/W Public Service and Applications for Pensions A.C.T. Section 4

Staff Permanent - Institute of Anatomy Boardman. W.

Minute Book - National Insurance Commission

McCormack J.A. Indebtness to Taxation.

- Trust account in respect of late AC 1 Milner, A E D

Commonwealth War Book Chapter No. IX 9 Department of Health

Papers relating to activities of the National Insurance Commission

ABC (Melbourne) Wireless Chorus





Court Martial of Sergeant Murphy

Court Martial of WO11 Storey

Mrs Clara Foster

Meat - International Beef Conference and Empire Beef Council

Nauru staff - Murray, Miss P - Nurse

Nauru - Staff - Horton, M E

Nauru - Staff - Sister Hitchcock, E de P

New Guinea Staff - Beatty, J S

New Guinea Staff - Dix, L S

New Guinea Staff - Barracluff, J T

New Guinea Staff - Vider, E C

New Guinea Staff - J L d'Espeissis - Forest Officer

New Guinea Staff - C A Jones - Assistant Engineer

New Guinea Staff - Flanagan, J D L

New Guinea Staff - Lawler, B F - Clerk

Papuan Staff - Lewis, R K

Papuan Staff. Davidson, C B

Registration of Brand Ascot A.E. Gurn Pty. Ltd. - Currie, King Island

Australian Agricultural Council 5th Meeting

Agricultural Council Sixth Meeting

Costa, A - Naturalisation

Alikaris, P C - Admission of relative

Vecchio, F - Naturalisation

Staff. Institute of Anatomy Dr. C.V. Mackay.

Mr. C.B. Carrick Probationer

Bergin, J.F. - Confirmation of Appointment.

Hussey, W.F. - Confirmation of Appointment

Parliamentary Joint Committee on Social Security. Processed Papers.

Adoption - Application. 3/4 caste, 1/4 chinese, 3/4 black.

Dance Band

Jenkins, Cyril

Capt A W Anbrey

Detention order Vincenzo Caputo

Court-Martial of Corporal Benson

Sgt. A. Fountain, 1 Hy Bde. - Medical Board & Discharge



W.O. (II) F.B. Green, A.I.c.

. Bursaries, duties, value, date - Certification payments - Reports etc - Part 2

Nauru - Staff - Noyes, R - Relieving nurse

New Guinea Staff - Hewson, R G; Chainman

New Guinea Staff - Cox, R G

New Guinea Staff - G H Maguire; Assistant Teacher

New Guinea Staff - Braithenwaite, J B; Inspector of Mines and Machinery

New Guinea - Booth, J M

New Guinea Staff - Mawson, L - Nurse

Papuan Staff. Mahon, D J - Gaoler

Papuan Staff - Burns, P

Annuities Paid to Widows of Members of Parliament - Miscellaneous

Australian Agricultural Council 4th Meeting

Medical examinations of employees in C/N Public Service and applications for Pensions. Federal Capital Territory. Section 3

Staff Permanent - Central R.A. Reid Section 2

Awards of Medals, Orders etc. (Part file)

Public Service Board

Judiciary from January, 1936



Court Martial of Bombardier Roach

2nd Division AASC Irregularity in Handling Money

Recommendations for service during Italy-Abyssinia emergency

Income Tax: Right of a State to Tax the Commonwealth. Remuneration of an Officer of the Commonwealth. (C.S. Opin. No. 4/1935)

Sugar Agreement Act 1932 - Sugar Agreement Clause 8 Claim by Nestle & Anglo Swiss Condensed Milk Co (Australia) Ltd. for Rebate on Goods lost ex "Coramba"

Territory for the Seat of Government. Opening of new road: procedure to be followed.

Territory for the seat of Government. Letters received containing money orders for purchase of tickets in Adam's Tattersalls consultation. Whether an offence committed.

Superannuation Act 1871 of Western Australia: Retirement of & Grant of Pension to George Hearn, formerly line inspector PMG's Department, Western Australia

Nauru - Staff - Banner, A B

Nauru - Staff - Fitzpatrick, C C

Nauru - Staff - Raines, J

New Guinea Staff - Berge, Miss C E - Nurse

New Guinea Staff - Bartlett, J W

New Guinea Staff - Lockhart, J - Health Inspector

New Guinea Staff - Saunders, L C - Clerk

Loan Council Thirty-First Meeting - May 1934 - Confidential papers and agenda

Australian Agricultural Council and Standing Committee on Agriculture Second Meeting

Federal Capital Territory Case of Child suffering from malnutrition.

Federal Capital Territory Examination of Pre School Children

Staff-Central & Victoria Dr. F.G. Morgan

Staff Permanent N.S. Wales Miss M. Webb.

Staff Temporary - Victoria Messenger Bendigo Laboratory

Staff, E. Rayner

Applications for Mining Leases in the Northern Territory with accompanying Documents

Advances to Staff at Post Offices - Defalcations

Re Entry to Militia ex Sgl Jurd



Wireless Branch Staff







Lt A A Thomas - 27th Battalion

Customs Act 1901-1930. Mutual Fire and General Insurance Company of Tasmania Limited.

Tibaldi G. Naturalization

Industrial - Compensation - R C White (Ganger)

Beltrami, G

Royal Commission to Investigate the wheat growing, flour milling and Baking Industries,

Nauru Staff - Pitt, Miss K E D

Nauru Staff - Engagement of Wireman

Norfolk Island - Administration - Defalcation in accounts - Stephenson, E

Papua - Berge, C M - Matron, European Hospital

Staff Permanent N.S.W. Dr. H.M. Abey

Staff Permanent N.S.W. Dr. R.E. Murray

L.J. Brophy - Offence

Meeting, Committee, 1934.

Stamps Philatelic Exhibitions

Stanley Archibald Goodman

Wireless Branch - Female Staff





Miss P.M. Hammel - retirement due to invalidity

E.J. Ford - Retirement because of invalidity

J.F. Lewin - retirement & superannuation

J. A. Doherty - Superannuation

Retirement - James Andrew Duggan

Award of Florence Nightingale Medal Nomination of Miss A Kellett

Court-Martial of Corporal MacNamara

Moorabool - Batesford re contractor

Programme reports (Victoria)

Wheat Bounty - Claim by D. & L. Fleming

FCT . Lease under Leases Ordinance 1918-27 Whether the Lessor or the lessee is bound to replace an erection which is beyond repair

FCT (Federal Capital Territory): Whether charges for treatment at the hospital at Canberra can be recovered from an infant.

Insurance Acts 1932: Tokio marine and Fire Insurance Co. Ltd., and Imperial Marine & Fire Insurance Co. Ltd.

Claim by W.J. Stone in respect of moneys alleged to have been wrongfully withdrawn from his Savings Bank account.

Exemptions from payment of tax provided in sub-sections 20 (1) (d) (e) & (f) of Sales Tax Ass't Act (no. 1), 1930-32.

Migrant Land Settlement Correspondence with Victorian Govt

Nauru staff - Griffiths, Miss N - Confidential Clerk

Nauru staff - Courtney, Dr Geoffrey - Relieving Medical Officer

Nauru - Staff - Dungey, D V

Nauru - Staff - McIntyre, E I

New Guinea Staff - Ewen, Miss J A - Typist

New Guinea Staff - A G Wilkins; Department of Public Health

New Guinea Staff - Gray, G L W

Staff - Institute of Anatomy. Miss M.K. Perioni

Staff - Permanent - Central J.R. Fawcett

Dunlop, W.A.S.: Application for Permanent appointment: Regulation 159

City of Sydney 6 1/2% Debentures and City of Sydney 4% Debentures

Papers - Rt Hon JG Latham relating to Royal Commission on Migrant Settlement











Nancie Florence Inchley Typist, accounts Branch Retirement

Wangaratta (Official) Sick Leave - T.F. Bourke

Interference with programme transmission lines and plant

Court Martial of Lance Bombardier Butler

Ernest Stanley Daw - Hannah Marion Daw

J.J.C. Collins

Alfred George Parry

Josef Steininger

James Kinnane

Kathleen Hodgins

Wilfred Frederick - William Waterson

Daniel J. O'Brien

Wilhelm Otto Herzog Richard Frederick Herzog

Austin Bernicke

George Rouse

D.O. Mazzone

Joseph Irving

Itzchack Rabinovitz

Raymond Leigh or Lewis

Marcellino Lando

Pierre Lander

Alfred Melville Taylor

Wm James Wilson or Wm James Lloyd - Wilson

Vincenzo Pipino

Carel Eugene Barzen

Wm R. Wright.

Vincenzo Viccari or Viccori

Trevor & Donald McKenzie

Robt Wilson Munro

Margaret Peagam

David Dyer Dadswell

Mrs Mude and Sydney Cairns

Richard Patrick Dowling and Joseph E. Dowling

Alice Morgan

P CARBONE

Wheat Bounty Act 1931 - Effect of South Australian Farmers' Relief Act 1931 and the South Australian Debt Adjustment Acts 1929 and 1930 on payments to growers.

Sales Tax Asst. Acts 1930-31. Massey Harris Co. Ltd. - H.V. McKay Massey Harris Ltd.

Sales Tax Asst. Sets Securities Change of Companys name Austin Distributors Ltd.

Advertising in Official Public Telephone Cabinets - Agreement between PMG and Interstate Advertising Company Ltd - Deed of Charge to Debenture Holders Cancellation of contract

Post and Telegraph Act 1901/23 Sec 117A N.S.W. Govt. Private Branch Exchange. Private Telephone Directory.

Customs Security, Liquidation of Principal Subscriber, a Company. Position of Principal Subscriber and Surety.

Whether memorandum of Lease under the Real Property Act, 1886, of S.A. is liable to stamp Duty under Stamp Duty Ord. 1917-29 and if so under what heading

FCT . Whether C'Wealth is liable to pay compensation to a person for injuries sustained through falling over a hoop fenced to protect a lawn at Kingston.

Reduction of Rents Act 1931 W.A. Premises held under lease by C'Wealth Leases entered into after Commencement of Act. Rent reducted by agreement. Reduction less than that provided by Act. How leases should be dealt with

Whether Commonwealth can legally refuse to grant the right to prospect for minerals on Defence Reserves.

Case of Win McAuliff, Brisbane. Proposed Electoral Prosecution.

Wiluna Gold Mines Ltd. - Sales Tax Assessment Act (No.5) 1930 - whether taxpayer may have question of liability to pay tax referred to Board of Review for determination

Insurance on privately owned cars used for Commonwealth purposes.

Coventry Motor Co. Ltd. - whether moneys due to Company for which Bills of Exchange have been given may be collected under section 38 of Sales Tax Assessment Act (No.1) 1930.

Customs Act 1901-30, Sec. 156 (3). Goods consigned by Shelbach and Whiting Ltd. London to W.R. Fogarty, Melbourne.

Customs Act 1901-30, Section 154. Glass Marbles imported by Ayers and James Pty. Ltd. from Akro Agate Co., United States of America. Question of prosecution.

Treaty of Peace Regulations. Whether money payable to a person in Germany may be transmitted without restriction. Refusal to disclose information desired by a Public Trustee: Whether Public Trustee can compel disclosure: Regulation 15A

Estate Duty Assessment Act 1914-28. Estate Late J J.E.H. Fraser

Land and Income Tax Assessment Act 1907/24 of W.A. Sect. 10 (1) (c). Roman Catholic Archbishop of Perth

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910-28 Trustees of Settlement (S.C.B. Turner and Others) dated 9.12.1904.

Sales Tax. Roberts Mance - facturing Co. Ltd. Contract entered into prior to 16.7.30

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910 - 30, Section 56 Registration of Federal Land Tax Charges

Australian Soldiers Repatriation Act 1920-29. Section 44/2 Crimes Act 1914-28 Section 21B: re Prosecution of Mrs E. White

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910-30, Sects. 27/3 and 28: Mosman Golf Club Ltd. Lease from the Commonwealth Liability for Land Tax

N.T. Lands: Adjoining Blocks Leased to Same Lessee: Covenant in each lease to erect building: Building erected on one and partly on other block Application for grant in fee simple. Whether building covenant complied with: Crown Land Ordinance 1931, Section No. 79 and 80

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910-1930 Trustees Brisbane Racecourse

Financial Agreements Enforcement Acts 1932 New South Wales Totalisator Tax Lachlan Picnic Race Club

Customs Act 1901-30 Sects. 154(1) and 160: Western Precipitation Co., Los Angeles, USA: Licence Fee for use of Cottrell System: Inclusion Value for Duty

Commerce/Dairy Produce Export Regulations - re Collection of Inspection Fees

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/30. T. Brown and Sons Ltd

FCT . Agistment of Horses on Commonwealth Land: Failure to pay charges: Whether Commonwealth can impound horses

Flour Acquisition Bill, Victoria

Insurance Acts 1932: Deposit of Titles as Approved Securities

Immigration Act 1901-32. Form of Bond or Security: Memorandum of Deposit

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/31: Rudduck and Co. Ltd.: Question of Appeal to High Court from Decision of Board of Review

Sales Tax: Liquidation of companies. Priority of Sales tax re preferential debts.

Contract for supply and delivery of lift cars at Commonwealth Bank in Perth

Nauru staff - Grant, Dr A M B

Nauru staff - D'Arcy, R - Matron

Nauru - Staff - Duff, D

Pharmacy Ordinance Norfolk Island (Entire contents of this file are missing from the cover)

New Guinea Staff - Thornthwaite, R G

Papuan Staff. Bremen, T H - Acting Postal Clerk

Papuan Staff - Townsend, T J - Surveyor

Papuan Staff - Bowes, T K - Plantation Manager

Drugs and Medicines Omnopon.

Staff - Institute of Anatomy Miss M. D. Whyte

Staff Permanent - Central & Victoria Miss. W. Scott

State Transport (Co-ordination) Act 1931; N.S.W. No. 36 of 1932 attd.

Ex-painter, Garden Island- lead poisoniong

Captain J A Fleming R of O - Transfer to 59 Bn

Messrs BOYD, E John and E J - Former telegraphists PMG's Department, Victoria

Court-Matial of Sergeant Newton

Class Machinery etc. Kneading Machine for Macaroni Machine

re Publication "Kangaroo" Appln. for registration as newspaper

Printing of telephone directories : W.A.

Fourth Division Officers Association & PSB (No 28 of 1931)

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/31 Income Tax Acts 1930: Sec 7A: Bookmakers fees on Flemington Racecourse

Sales Tax: Shell Co. of Australia Ltd.

FCT : Loans under the Housing Ord to Rural Lessees: Whether the time within which it was provided the loan shd be repaid can be extended

Sales Tax: Sales to State Government Depts.

Repatriation Act - Case of E.J. Hill

Navigation Act, Sec 6-Definitions of "Owner" and "Passenger"- Whether Attorney of Owner is deemed the Owner for the purposes of the Act

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/30 - Sec 20(2) Income Tax Acts 1930 (Nos. 51 & 61 of 1930) - Sec.7A

E.H. Newman, Hobart Recovery of fencing costs.

Whether by-law may be made under a tariff resolution

Territory of Nth Australia Real Property Act, 1886, Secs 170 & 71. Ching Ah Sang & Chin Fung Chack Trading as Chin Kim Kee. Sequestration order under Bankruptcy Act 1924-30. Transmission to Official Receiver and transfer to Lee Lim.

Bank guarantees to Customs Dept, guaranteeing payments due by Licensed Customs Agents.

Customs Act 1901-30, Secs 154 and 163. Petrol benzine and spirits: losses by evaporation

C'wealth Shipping Board, re case of late S. Carey, "Largs Bay".

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922-30, Secs 51(6), 51A(5) & (6). Conclusive judgements by Courts of Appeal

Territory for the seat of Govt. - Compulsory attendance at School - Education Ordinance 1928/30

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910-1919, Sec 65 Delegations or authorizations by the Commissioner.

Treaty of Peace Regs. Sale of plantation statement in catalogue that property surveyed & entered in the groundbook: resurvey required whether purchaser slid bear cost of survey

Transferred Property: Easements: Port Macquarie Post Office: drainage on to land belonging to R.G. Davidson

Sales Tax: contracts of sale prior to 10/7/30. Procedure for recovery of tax payable

Eastern Extension & China Telegraph Co. Ltd. Refund by C'wealth of rates and taxes on premises occupied at Spring St. Sydney

Sales Tax: Security: Royal Exchange Assurance of London & other Companies

Estate Duty Assessment Act 1914/28 - Estate of VD Barrett-Lennard (Deceased) Western Australia

Customs Act 1901/30. Sec. 139, Customs Tariff 1921: Item 290(c)(2)

Sydney C'wealth Bank: Grant's Contract

State Salaries Tax Act of W A, Officer of PMG's Department acting as resident Magistrate - Deduction from amt payable to Department for services

Territory for Seat of Govt. Whether a workman injured in Relief works is entitled to Compensation under C'wealth Employees Compensation Act 1930.

Sales Tax Assessment Acts Nos. 1-9, 1930. Securities.

Superannuation - Reduction in salary of officer - Whether provisions of Sec. 15 of Act applicable.

Customs Act 1901/30, Sec. 168. Customs Reg. 129. Claim by O.E. Burbank & Co. for drawback on embroideries. Question of original packages.

Land Tax Assessment Act 1901/30, Sec. 68A. Objections of G.F. Allen

Applicant T.J. Mitchell, Tasmania. Sale of land and dwelling house. Defects in Dwelling-House

Special Income Tax on Salaries of C'wealth Officers - re Allowances to personnel of RAAF

Acts Interpretation Act 1901/30, Sec. 10. Senate Standing Order 364

Superannuation Act 1922/30 Sec 57 - officer with State Rights - Election to exchange for equivalent rights under Act - Date of Calculation of new rights.

Superannuation Act 1871 (WA) Secs. 1.6. G.J. Werton - Retirement from service of Amalgamated Wireless (Australia) Ltd - Constitutional (Sec 84) Right to Pension

Transferred pension rights - sec 57 of the superannuation Act - Case of N. Genans.

Post and Telegraph Act 1901-23 Damage to Cable, North East Road, Yatala South District, SA.

re Customs Tariff Resolution providing for exception of goods from Primage Duty by Proclamation.

Applns by C'wealth to bring land under the Transfer of Land Act 1928 of Vic: Mode of Attestation Sec 57 of Lands Acquisition Act 1906: Sec 18 of transfer of Land Act 1928

Superannuation re Case of F. Burdett, ex - Postman

Customs Act 1901-30, Sec 277 Batteries (Cincinnati) Ltd. Co. dissolved; Appln by former liquidators & by creditor for payment of balance of proceeds of sale of goods.

Waterside Workers Fedn. Newcastle complaint, members of Coal Trimmers Union not accorded preference under Regs.

Public Service Arbitration - Power to make determination inconsistent with Superannuation Act.

Alleged breach of Transport Workers Regulations by J.I. Lee and Sons, Melbourne.

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/30. C.A. and L. Abrahams

Commonwealth Light Dues - Liability of vessels belonging to State Instrumentalities

Commonwealth Employees Compensation Act, 1930 - O.J.White, Labourer, Department of Works, WA.

Entertainments Tax: Perth Club Ball

Re Case of Constable L.H.A. Hoffman, North Australia

re I.J. Robinson, child of F.C. Robinson, 340, Pte. 2nd Btn., Claim for War Pension benefits

FCT : Whether rent can be recovered from a lessee of land who has remained in occupation after the lease has been determined.

Sales Tax: Securities Farmers and Settlers Co-operative Insurance Co. of Australia Ltd.

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910-30, Sec. 44M(1) Appeals against calculations

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/30: Deduction of business losses: Principal Subsidiory Companies

Estate Duty Assessment Act 1914-28. Estate of late Annie E. Hargraves

Marmon Motor Car Co: Indianapolis, USA. Value for duty: Austral Motors Ltd. (In liquidation, claim by Department for duty outstanding: Right to preference over other creditors

Post and Telegraph Act 1901/23 Part VII Recovery of costs of repairing damage to Department lines caused by Electrolysis

Land Tax: H.S. HOWELL Deed of Inspectorship under Part XII of Bankruptcy Act 1924/30 Recovery of Land Tax and Registration of charge on land

Cotton Industries Bounty Act 1930- Sec. 13 Meaning of words "Capital employed in the manufacture of cotton yarn"

Whether certain statements concerning a Commonwealth official published in a newspaper circulating in the FCT are libellous

Whether the amount realised on the sale of certain hotels in the irrigation area in N.S.W. is income within the meaning of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/30

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/28 Mrs J.H. BOND

Customs Tariff Proposal dated 3.4.30 Customs Tariff Items 250 (c) & 367

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/30 Sec 21 W. Thomas & Co. Ltd. Adelaide

Income Tax Ass. Act 1922/30 Sec.23(1)(h) (ii) Eva Waite - Gift to Salvation Army McBride appeal Nurses Home Adelaide

FCT . Whether C'wealth liable for damage to building on leased land caused by moisture penetrating walls on the boundary between the leased land and unleased land belonging to the C'wealth.

Sales Tax Ass Acts 1930. Bankruptcy Liquidation of Companies Priority of Sales Tax Position of Liquidators of Companies and Receivers and managers.

Post and Telegraph Act 1901/23 Reg 79 Alterations to underground pipes through re-grading of footpaths, Brighton Road S.A.

Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918-29. Claim by E.L. Credlin for salary in respect of employment in office of Divisional Returning Officer for Melbourne.

Claim by T. Nicholas re damage to motor car.

Drill Hall Property, Largs Bay: Property entered in transferred property schedule: Claim by State that property not Transferred properly: Property registered in Real Property Register in name of Third Party: Question of C'wealth's Title, Secs 85(i) and 105A of Constitution: Financial Agreement, Part III Clause 4.

FCT : Dentists' Registration Ordinance 1931, Sec. 21

Territory for Seat of Govt. - Remedies of C'wealth where Rural Lesees have failed to pay rent.

FCT : Whether a Tenant of a cottage belonging to C'wealth is liable for damage to Garage due to fire caused by Tenants' car in garage.

Re Trustees of Estate of JA Day (Deceased) and Commonwealth Conversion Loan.

Customs Act 1901-30 Sect 154 - Goods imported by F. Gagliardi & Co. Sydney, from Italy - Value for duty.

Income Tax: Dr G.J. Sly.

Customs Act 1901/30 Section 154. Deduction from Value for Duty of Cash Discounts allowed on Domestic Market but not from Selling Price to Purchaser

FCT : Contracts by Messrs Toy and Erickson for erection of residences. Moneys due to contractors.

FCT . Whether the Commonwealth is liable to repair a roof which has been found to be defective on a Building at Civic Centre erected in accordance with a design specified by the Federal Capital Commission

Whether in the Territory for the Seat of Gov't any restrictions are imposed on the publishing of an advertisement offering to give a State Lottery ticket to every person who makes a purchase at a certain tailoring establishment.

Land Tax Assessment Act 1910/30. Randwick Racecourse, Sydney.N.S.W.

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/31- Appl'n of Sec 21- Duval & Co Ltd.

Income Tax: J.A.P. Martin Deed of arrangement under Part Xii of Bankruptcy Act 1924-30. Meaning of "Assessed... Income Tax assessed... Prior to the date of the order of Sequestration" in Sec 84 (1) (h) Bankruptcy Act.

C'wealth Electoral Act 1918/29 - Irregularities connected with Electoral Enrolment - Claim of J. Mammone 202 Norton Street, Leichhardt

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/31 - Sec. 23(1)(n) - Lease by Trustee of Howey Estate, Melb.

Telephone Regs. Transfers of Telephone Services

Sugar Agreement 1931-36. Fruit Industry. Sugar Concession Committee. Promotion for the use and sale of manufactured fruit products.

Nauru - Staff - Clouston, T M - Government Medical Officer

Nauru - Staff - Brittain, H E

New Guinea - Clarke, S A P

New Guinea Staff - Kirke, C W - Chainman

Papuan Staff - Gibson, A - Compositor, Government Printing Office

Papuan Staff - Rogerson, P G

Poliomyelitis Epidemiological Enquiry and Survey of Cripples Victoria

Staff Permanent - Central W.H. Platt

G. Langford. Alleged Inquiry on Duty.

Enright B.E. Absent without leave Copy of conduct history requested.

Transcripts of Evidence - Royal Commission on Migrant Land Settlement

Papers - Mr R C Nance - Secretary to the Royal Commission on Migrant Land Settlement

Agricultural Lease 389 - Block 151 Katherine River Ag Area

L.J. Walshe - Postman

Defence Liaison Officer, London

: Honorary Frank Brennan, MP, Attorney-General - Alteration

Prohibition Orders under Sec.57. Post and Telegraph Act 1901-23

Treaty of Peace regs - Reg.61A - Transfer of Land Control Ordinance Anchorites Plantation. Question as to cancellation of contract of sale.

Australian Soldiers Repatriation Act 1920-29, Sec 15. Suspension of Commission of Acting Commissioner - Meaning of "Misbehaviour".

Contract for supply, delivery and erection of Bullion Lift at Perth.

Contract for supply and installation of lifts in Commonwealth Bank at Perth

Territory for Seat of Government - Real Property Ordinance 1925/27. Can Registrar of Titles register the transfer of a lease which contains a covenant not to assign without consent, where consent is not given ?

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/25 - Sec. 21. Income Tax Assessment 1922/29 - Secs. 21 & 37 E.G. Eager & Sons Ltd.

Customs Act 1901-30 - Sec. 154 (1). Value for duty of milk evaporation plant imported by Tinfood of Australia Ltd. from Merrell-Loule Co. Inc. USA

Customs Act 1901-30 - Sec 151, Reg. 111(1) Importation by Fitzpatrick Bros. Melb. of Australia. Butter previously exported.

Telephone Regs - Amounts due by A. Moss, Brisbane & C.M. Morris, Sydney, for Telephone Services

FCT - Alleged assault on driver of motor omnibus by passenger - whether a Procn. prosecution is Maintainable

Re Shackle Creek Gold Mining Tenements North Australia. Forfeiture of Lease - Sale of Leases of Machinery

Customs Act 1901-30 Sec. 151A Artificial flowers from the United Kingdom Country of origin

Stock Ordinance 1920-24 - FCT . Failure of Drover to move travelling cattle ten miles in each successive period of 24 hours. Whether a Prosecution is maintainable against the Drover or the Owner.

Customs Act 1901-30, Secs. 42, 216, 167. Subsidised paper for with Photo-Maton machines.

Territory for the Seat of Govt. Motor Traffic Ordinance 1926-27. Barton's Motor Omnibus Service

Contract with H. Leneham for repairs to Maryborough, and Wallangarra Post Offices, Queensland, attachment of moneys due to Contractor to satisfy judgment against him.

Repatriation Act - re Case of BS Date registered as Legitimate Child of JS Date, 2632. Pte., 58th Battalion (Deceased) - Claim for pension.

Superannuation Act 1922-24 - Pension paid to repated Widow of JER O'Neill (Deceased) Brisbane.

Unemployment Relief Act, Queensland. Whether exempt employees of Commonwealth are liable to tax.

Whether the Commonwealth can recover the unexpended portion of an amount allowed by the FCC to the Canberra Social Service Association for use of a motor car

Question of Departmental liability in connection with use of official motor cars on private business

Whether action can be taken to prevent unauthorised riding on motor omnibuses of the Commonwealth in the FCT.

Post and Telegraph Act 1901/23, Sect 114: Judiciary Act 1903/27, Secs 39 and 68: Child Welfare Act 1923 (NSW) Sec 61: Prosecution for indictable offence in Childrens Court:

Contact made between FCC with Dalgety and Co for purchase of 4 Motor Omnibuses. Whether Commonwealth entitled to recover from Company moneys expended by it in replacing defective parts

FCT . First sale of City area leases. Promise re financial assistance

Sales Tax Assessment Acts: When are goods "imported"

FCT: Whether a withdrawal of land from the operation of a lease should be notified in the Gazette

Australian Soldiers Repatriation Act 1920-29, Sec 45K Ruling by War Pensions Entitlement Tribunal as to Departmental diagnosis

Nauru - Acting Matron, E Ahlston

New Guinea - Staff - Crocker, M C; Inspector and Instructor Agricultural Department

New Guinea - Staff - Allen, W E; Warrant Officer

New Guinea Staff - Munro, E E

Papua - Cawley, F R

Papuan Staff. Grimshaw, O - Resident Magistrate

Navigation Act & Regulations Treatment of B. Helm, S.S. Mataram

Staff - Institute of Anatomy G.H. Logan

Staff Institute of Anatomy W.J. Owen

Staff Institute of Anatomy Miss V. Thorneywork

Staff - Permanent - Serum Laboratories Dr. D.H.K. Leex

Staff - Central - Permanent Dr. C.H. Filts

Staff - Central S.L. Joyce

Staff - Permanent - Central Miss D.M. Hawkins

Staff Permanent Serum Laboratories R. Christie

Staff Permanent. Serum Labs. G.A. O'Halloran

Staff Permanent Victoria Miss A.E. Dowsley

Staff Permanent N.S.W. Miss V.E. Drewett

Staff - Permanent N.S.W. C.V. Vaughan

Nominal Roll Repatriation Canada Canadians in Australia Part 1

Sugar Inquiry Evidence Confidential All States

Sugar Inquiry Evidence in Camera MACKAY

Sugar Inquiry Evidence in Camera SYDNEY.

Mr H P J Sinclair Asst Radio Inspector unattached - Appointment

New Hebrides

Spare copies of Imperial Conference of New Hebrides series

Polar questions and spare copies of Imperial Conference of 'Polar' series

Bernard William Egan - Mail officer

: Arbitration

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922-28. Taxability of remuneration attributable to service, outside Australia.

Income Tax Assessment Act. See. 65 - Tax payable by absentee Shareholders

Dr Bretherton formerly Medical Officer, New Guinea - claim of

Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918-1928 Sec. 161 (d) Poster exhibited under authority of G.S. McLean

Seymour (Vic) Railway Station. Proposed erection of wicket gate in lieu of Cattle pit at.

Income Tax Assessment Act. 1922/25 - Sale of Sheep in Wool "Erudina" Station, S.A.

Income Act Assessment Act 1922/25-1922/27 Penfolds Wines Ltd.

Contract with D. Berecry for erection of cottage for FCC proposal for cancellation of contract

Navigation Act, 1912-1926. Power to Cancel or Suspend Engineers' Certificate "Yarra" - "Lady Isobel" Collission.

Income Tax Ass. Act 1922-28 Estate of late Henry Berry. Legacy to W.B. McCutcheon

Leases Ord. 1927/28 of Territory for Seat of Govt. Whether Public Trustee of N.S.W. can administer Estate of J. Bradbury, a deceased lessee.

Commonwealth Housing Act, 1927/28 FCT (Federal Capital Territory) - advance to person who already owns a house.

Federal Capital Commission - Liability for injuries to passenger whose finger caught in a nut on a Motor Omnibus

Sarang Plantations Ltd - Question of recovery of debt due to Custodian of Expropriated Property.

Claim of Yellow Cabs of Australia Ltd. for damage done to Yellow Cab by Defence Department Tractor.

Musgrove's Ltd., Perth, West Australia - Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/28

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/28: The Young Men's Christian Association.

MARINE INSURANCE ON FURNITURE AND EFFECTS.

Treaty of Peace Regs. question whether the Public Trustee should charge commission under Reg 62 in respect of plantations New Mobisberg and others.

C'wealth Electoral Act 1918/28 Sec. 170 Alleged Offences by W. & C. Campbell, Wollongong, N.S.W.

Cargo Salved ex S.S. "Rio Claro"

Re. Ex No.2134 War Worker C. Burns

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922-28 "Kansas" General Average Fund.

Gift of Land at Hunters Hill N.S.W. by Committee of DR H.S. Lloyd Memorial Fund for Drill Hall purposes.

War Service Homes Act 1918-27. Sections 18 and 19. Applicant J.S. Middleton. Substitution of new Contract of Sale for existing Contract of Sale

Naval Financial Regs. (S.R. 198 of 1926) Reg. 42 Payment of dependant allowance to mother of Telegraphist W.E. Taylor.

Superannuation Act 1922/4 Sect. 60(1). Late Squadron Leader F.E. Sandford, RAAF

Land Tax Assessment Act 1920/28 Estate of Sir S. Fraser decd.

Australian Military Regulations Reg 201 Licences to effect installations at Liverpool Camp.

Telephone Regs, Reg B. Irregular Telephone Service - A.J. Lucas, Sydney

Attorney-General's Department: Income Tax Assessment Act 1922-1928 - Question of Power to make valid Regulations under Section 16C

Attorney-General's Department: Income Tax Assessment Act 1922-1928 - Taxability of Pensions paid to Ex - employees

Motor Vehicles (Special Licences) Act 1928 of South Australia - Licensing of Motor Vehicles used by PMG Dept.

Louie Gut - Immigration Act prosecution

Income Tax assessment Act - Estate of Arthur Williams (Decd)

Customs Act, 1901-25, Sec. 234(e). J. Reid and nephews, Brisbane. Steam Crane - value for duty.

Australian Soldiers Repatriation Act, 1920-29, Part 111, Div. 3 - Jurisdiction of Assessment Appeal Tribunal to determine question under 5th Schedule to Act.

Commonwealth Electoral Act, 1918-28. Proscn. of R.W. Hill and A.A. Townsend Question of Appeal

Whether the F.C.C. Federal Capital Commission can divulge the contents of a prescription for a rabbit poison purchased by it.

Gaming & Betting Act, 1906 sec. 20 (N.S.W.) Canberra Turf Club & bet owing by A.J. Ross

General Conditions of Building Contracts. Assignment or moneys payable under contract.

Estate Duty Assessment Act, 1914-28, Sec 8 (7)

Constitution of the C'wealth, sec. 114. Liability of C'wealth for rates. Lease of property from Launceston Marine Board for Naval Drill Hall purposes. Rates claimed by Launceston City Council. Agreement by C'wealth to pay Rates.

Bankruptcy Act, 1925-1928 Audit of Trustees' Accounts.

Territory for Seatof Govt. Depasturing of Stock on Public Roads under agreement for letting of grazing. Liability of Commission for Accident

"Dorothy H. Sterling" Sale and Transfer of ownership. Pass to proceed to another British port.

Agreement between the FCC and Monolyse Constructions (Vic and South Australia) Ltd. Whether the Commission can deduct amount due for goods supplied from moneys due under the agreement.

Order for payment of alimony pendente site maintenance and costs and decree nisi. Are they Judgements under Sec. 64 of C'wealth P.S. Act 1922/28. Case of M. H. Clarke

Workmen's Compensation Act - 1912. FCT . Whether the Federal Capital Commission should pay the expenses of an operation.

Lease of Land at Norfolk Island to Trustees of Golf Club: Whether Administration should nominate first Trustees and have power to appoint new Trustees.

Suggested action in regard to a person supposed to be insane

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922/29. Associated Roofing Pty. Ltd.

Molkentin, A - Naturalisation

Nauru - Bryan, Dr C V J, Medical Officer

New Guinea - Staff - Corfield, A W S

New Guinea Staff - Dr G D Broome

Papuan Staff. Baker, E G - Government Printer

Papuan Staff. Hunter, A J - Postmaster

New Guinea - Miss Maud O'Donnell; Nurse

New Guinea - A H Sayer - Application, Appointment, Inspector and Instructor

New Guinea - Dallimore, Florence - Nurse

Staff - Permanent - Central Barker Miss D.

Staff - Permanent - Central Miss J.M. Hale

Staff - Permanent - Central and Victoria W.H. Black

Staff - Permanent - Central A.W. Paul

Staff-permanent. Victoria-serum labs. Ross, A.R.

Staff - Permanent - Victoria Miss C. Meere

Staff - Temporary - Victoria Stacey ?

British Disability Pensioners Undergoing Medical Treatment. Part 1.

W. Wilson, Turner - Injured on Duty

Correspondence, summaries, notes etc. relating to the Commonwealth Transport Committee.

Air Inquiry Committee Report of Proceedings

Judiciary 1929 - 1935

S.S.M. 2nd Cl.(W.O.I) (H/Lient) S.J.Fleur

War Time Profits Tax Assessment Acts of 1917-1918 and 1924-1926 - Appeal to High Court - Estate of Emma Adelaide Tyson, deceased.



Legal opinions expressed by O Dixon, E Gorman and E Mitchell in Abrahams Bros case

Case of F. U'Ren. Superannuation.

Stanley, W L - Clerk, NT

Nauru - Staff - Sister Woods, L M

New Guinea - Staff - Hoile, J N; Roadmaster

New Guinea - Staff - Curd, R B

New Guinea - T B Dunstone - Medical Assistant

New Guinea - Hatton, C W

New Guinea - C R C Lloyd

New Guinea - Staff - Dannenberg, W

New Guinea - Staff - Darx, L

New Guinea - Staff - Provan, J

New Guinea - D Forrester - Carpenter

New Guinea - C.M Jones - Carpenter

New Guinea - Staff - Mackinnon, Miss R M

New Guinea - Ogden, E C; Storeman

New Guinea - H C Phillips; Senior Medical Assistant

New Guinea - AT Simmons; Clerk

New Guinea - H R White -Teacher

New Guinea - Miss M G Wiseman - Matron

New Guinea - B Woodman - Carpenter

New Guinea - E J Smith - Surveyor

New Guinea - E Coleman - Cable Jointer of Telephone

Drugs and Medicines Morphia and other narcotic drugs - supplies to local medical practitioners Sect. 2.

Leprosy C.E. Budgen. Cost of Maintenance while patient N.S.W. Lazaret

Seeds Request to import Wild Rose Seed.

Staff - Permanent - Central Richardson Miss E.E.

Staff Temporary Victoria A.F. Simpson

Mr J. Atkinson - ex skilled Store Assistant. R.E.V. Yard.

Charitable Grants - Applications & Grants made

Transport - Motor Vehicles - Producer - Gas

Franco Battistessa {Box 1]

Freda May Lowrie

Antoine Joseph Hanc

Mrs Lily Rose Knott and Frederick Arthur Knott

Ellen Alice Woolley

Reutter Paul, Reutter Dorothy

Alleged Stolen Property from Flinders Naval Base

May Frances and Jack Corlelt

Mrs Barbara M. Birthisel

J.J. Mattson

Marie Frances Ryan

David Moses & Haia (Helen) Moses

Augustus John Smith

Frances D. Nhilson

David Connolly or David Case

Lawrence Henry Booth

Hardy, Donald Samuel - Hardy, Frederick George

Skinner Conway Herbert George

Thomas Francis Weaver

Wilton Henry James

Newark Longstaff

Hans Spitsfaden



Abrahams. Opinions.

Wold, S - Naturalisation

Nauru - Dr Moreland, J - Assistant Medical Officer

Papua - Administrative - Executive Council minutes

New Guinea Staff - F H Maitland

Aland, R C; Inspector and Instructor

Papuan Staff - Sendall, E L - Clerk

Papuan Staff - Hall, C L - Medical Assistant

Papuan Staff. Stuart-Russell, H

New Guinea - AW Ardie - Surveyor

New Guinea - A L Neal; Constable

New Guinea - G W Vincent; Clerk

New Guinea - R L Walker; Clerk

New Guinea - Staff - J Ward; Assistant Warden

Western Australia Press Correspondence. Spare Copies.

Tobacco. Allegations re doped Tobacco by G.H. Mc Austrich.

Mulrooney F.J. Rate of All(owan)ce 0282 from 17/11/26-30/6/27 and 0288 1/7/27-14/10/27

REPATRIATION COMMISSION V TUCKERWELL LINCOLN



Mr. G. N. Rogers, Lineman, applies for an advance to purchase a dental plate

Cancellation of Commission of certain citizen Force Officers Military Board Agenda 158/29

Income Tax Assessment Act 1922-1925. Appeal of Edith Mary Hyland

George A V Home

Edward Jackson alias Herbert Clare

Dorothy Jean Turner

Ernest Gilardo Paindelli

David Curle - Gubble

Roger Onion

William & Annie Roberts

Laura May Mitchell

John James - "James Motors"

H.J. Godken

Edward Robertson

Herbert T. Jones

Mrs L. Lake, Repatriation of, with three children

Theresa McConnell

Sarah Williams

Grounding of HMAS PLATYPUS

Trading Hours Ordinance - FCT

Lathom, Mrs M - Passport

New Guinea - J Jennings - Clerk

New Guinea - Selwood, L G - Draftsman

New Guinea Staff - Meehan, J M

New Guinea - Staff - Youlden, R M M

New Guinea Staff - William J. Cahill - Exempt N.G.

New Guinea - Staff - Cochran, W M

New Guinea - Staff - Cox, G E

New Guinea Staff. Eldred, A C - Foreman Carpenter

New Guinea Staff. J N Cleeve - Clerk

Papuan Staff. Stewart, D M - Medical Assistant

New Guinea - Molean, J D - Warden

New Guinea - A Surman; Chainman

New Guinea - C J Ballinger - Medical Assistant

Staff, Rabaul. Beaver, Harold Cecil

Staff - Hookworm Campaign. Dr. J.C. Jago Dr. A.K. Green.

Staff Permanent Victoria A.C. Evans Enginedriver.

Staff - Permanent Central A.G. Gutteridge

Staff - Permanent - Central Miss N.S. Geraci

Staff Permanent Central and Victoria Heyes H.F.R.

Staff Permanent Central and Victoria Miss M. Martin

Staff Permanent Central and Victoria Miss E. Cotton

Staff Permanent. Central and Victoria Fitzpatrick, W.T.

Staff-Permanent. Central-Victoria Miss J.M. Horan

- Late F/O Holtham, W - Trust account in respect of

Late AC 1 Callander, W E - Trust Account in respect of

Industrial Disputes

Ray Ralph

Nauru - Assistant Medical Officer - Dr Bray, George

Accountant and relieving Accountant - Nauru

Nauru - Staff - Romeril, L J

Miss V M Hart - Nurse - New Guinea

New Guinea - Miss B E Wild - Nurse

P.M. Armstrong

Fees & Charges Collections of fees for Health LAB/Y examinations & liability of medical practioner & patients for payment - also services for indigent patients.

Staff Institute of Anatomy E. Macleay

Staff - Hookworm Campaign. E.M. Tate

Staff - Hookworm Campaign. Dr. Southey.

Staff - General. Classification of the Department.

Staff. Permanent. Control and Victoria Dempster, F.J.

Staff. Permanent Control and Victoria Miss. M.M. Murphy

Staff - Permanent - Central and Victoria. Miss E. Don

Irregularities - Rifle Club Administration - 6th Military District

Jervis Bay Territory - Application of Ordinances

Walter Edward Jay

J.F. Murphy

Miss Jane Isabel Jinks - Inquiry re Suitable Trustee for Pension

Caroline Alice McEvoy - Estate late James A. McEvoy. Inquiry from Repatriation Department

Report on W.J. Shipp

Report on Thomas Quinlan re C'wealth Bank Case

Arthur Llewellyn Thomas - Inquiry from Aust House

William Brick enquiry from Repatriation Dept



T.J. Ridgeway War Pension

William Dumont. Repatriation Dept War Pension Enquiry Ballarat Report by Police







Inquiry - Thomas Conrad Reeves

Mrs Rosa Mikashavsky Nicholas Famich Denisoff

Canberra's 1st 100 years by Dr. Robinson

Papers relating to the disposal of Plant Henderson and Flinders Naval Base

New Guinea - Carson, L W

New Guinea - Cecil M O'Brien - Chainman

Inspector A. Richards Personal file

Diseases Venereal Procedure Cases Occuring on Vessels.

Staff. Hookworm Campaign. Dr. Pearson

Staff Permanent - Serum Labs. Miss E.M. Green

Staff. Permanent Central C.W. Bourne

Staff - Permanent - Serum Labs. Miss V.G. Heath.

Staff - Permanent - Central and Victoria (Miss T.A. Goodwin)

Migration to Australia Part 1 - 1914 - 18 War

Prosecutions









Mrs Olle - Inquiries to Trace

Defalcations

Whereabouts of Albert Carey

Mrs M.J.M. Straughen

William James Finucane

Nauru - Medical Officer - Dr Townsend, A R

Nauru - Staff - Blaikei, J I

New Guinea - T L Roper; Clerk

New Guinea Staff - E K Abrahams - Clerk

Papuan Staff. Poole, C R - Surveyor

New Guinea - Miss I H Irvine - Nurse

Leonard T Lunn - Pest Inspector - New Guinea

Staff Permanent - Serum Lab. Miss H. Lyell

Staff - Permanent Central and Victoria Miss B.M. Colman

Staff Permanent. Central & Vic. E.A. Clements.

Staff - Permanent - Central and Victoria E.G. Davis

Staff - Permanent. Serum Laboratories Miss M.E. Gleeson





Chas Higginbotham

Esther Mary Bayley - Enquiry re mode of living

Powers of Attorney: Enquires by USA Consulate

New Guinea. Staff. A C Brereton. Temporary Medical Assistant

New Guinea Staff. O'Dean, Marcus - Draughtsman

Papuan Staff. Atkinson, C A

Staff Permanent Central Miss K. Burrett

Staff. Permanent - Serum Labs. J.M. Tobin

Staff - Permanent - Serum Labs. J.H.H. Griffiths,

Staff Permanent - Central & Victoria Dr. F.R. Ferr.

Staff - Permanent - Victoria D. A. Grant.

Staff-Permanent. Central and Victoria Hanson, H.W.























































































































































Prosecutions

Irvine Mills Cowlishaw

Land and Property. Post Office. GORDON N.S.W.

Nauru - Staff - Caisley, H - Telegraphist

Nauru - Staff - Peart, J J

New Guinea Staff - Woodville, J - Clerk

Alcorn, J A - Sanitary Inspector

New Guinea Staff - Douglass, A M - Clerk

New Guinea - A E Dredge - Medical Assistant

Staff file - G. Braddon

Staff. Farrell E.J. Secretary. Commonwealth Serum Laboratory, Parkville

Staff - Central and Victoria Dr. D.G. Robertson.

Staff Permanent Victoria T.J. White

Staff. Permanent. Central and Victoria Hancock, W.A.E.

Staff-Permanent. Serum labs. Miss M.C. Hordern









Dept. of the Navy. - Report re C. T. Bell





































































































































Case of Captain (Hon Major) CW Strong (AAVC Permit)

Amelia J case

Science & Industry - Resignations

Staff Permanent Central and Victoria D.R. Conly

Staff Permanent Central. R.A. Reid Section I

Staff Permanent. Central & Victoria W. McF. Sloan

Staff - Permanent - Central & Victoria R.F. Williams

Staff. Permanent. Central and Victoria Finlayson, D.

Staff-Permanent. Central and Victoria Fretwell, F.

Staff Permanent New South Wales Cottle S.B.







































































Plans and Maps Northern Territory

Mrs Lillia Adelaide Coles

New G.P.O. Perth Two Extra Stories (1920-1921) and Deed of Agreement

Royal Commission re sugar Purchases

A/cs of Capt Davies

Supply of Confidential Files to officers not on approved list-re Naval War Gratuity Board

Rev F P Dwyer Chaplain Resignation compelled by ecclesiastical authorities

Staff Permanent Central and Victoria H.H. McKay

Staff Permanent. Central & Victoria R.A. Newton

Staff - Permanent - Serum Labs. T. McNamara.

Staff. Permanent. Control and Victoria Skinner E.

Staff permanent Central-Victoria Miss. E. Nesbitt

Staff. Permanent Central and Victoria Miss C. Morgan





























































































No 2365 - Gnr A.G. Jones RAGA

Recognition of Services Abroad in connection with Demobilization

W Swindells, Chief Petty Officer Telegraphy (E) - Discharge

JRL Willis Surgeon Lient RAN Medical survey of unique case of war caused disability accepted as pensionable

Papers concerning question of proportional representation

Naval Matters. Petition from JGH Rubie relative to his Removal from Royal Australian Naval College

New Guinea - F G Fraser - Surveyor

Staff Permanent. Central and Victoria Dr. A.H. Drew

Correspondence files 'B' Series (mainly relating to Medical Treatment and Vocational Training Scheme)

Question from Senator

J. Gleeson - called upon to pay for soldier son's hospital expenses

Application - Pension de facto wife

Discharge of Seaman in England

Application for assistance

No papers on file







Hawkes Eli - Claim Compensation - McIntosh & Co. Threaten proceedings.











Brown, Leslie Oswald - Accountant, Third Division

Finicus C Letter Carriers Section GPO

Sparks, Ross St, Sth Melbourne

Connelly, Micheal Patrick

Phelan, Trooper A C/- YMCA

Seddon, Pte Jas Thos

Mrs Morrissey (alias Mrs Staff)

re Mrs Alliss, Berkley Street Carlton

Miss Maude Duncan

Stewart, Duncan

Arthur J Benny, East Melbourne Re - a Claim for #50,000 on the Defence Department

Cross, Mrs Alice

Herman Ruhe

Private W D'Arcy

M Johnson

Allotment of John Woods, Dispensing Sergeant to his Daughters Jessie & Lily

Mrs Foote, Wife of Sappen Hedley Horace Foote AIF abroad

Emile Chapaley, also John Thim (No. 18/2173)

Mrs E M Evans

Turner, Wallie

Ex recruiting Sergeant fred C Wood

Preiss Georg, Ballarat

Leo Gross, Richmond

Ex Private G J J McPherson, 3rd Field Ambulance AIF

Letter signed "George" relative to the Police (George Barclay - also mentions Mrs S Bremner)

Lieutenant Colonel GHM King (MG,DSO,3rd Australian Division Personal File)

Lieutenant FG Hyett - 14th Battalion - Personal File

Pte H.M. Jermett

Sidney J. Love (or Easton)

Report by Lt Col Newland and Lt Col Butler AAMC, regarding Pathological Museum specimens. Also report by Major Inglis to DMS AIF on condition of pathological specimens at RCS Museum and recommendations. October-November 1918

3909 Pte M Barratt, 15th Battalion

Papuan Staff. Swimmerton, F P - Clerk

Staff Permanent Victoria A.A. Duncan Section 2

Staff - Permanent - Serum Labs. Miss M. Kennedy

Staff Permanent Central &. Victoria A.T. Harris









Bale, William Henry - Assistant Secretary

Ryan V Hughes

Buckner, Joseph

Mrs. J. Nichols. Complaint re conduct of brother

Mrs Smith

Mrs Durham, 68 Haines St., North Melbourne

Gunner M.E.M. Martin, AIF (re conduct of Wife)

Sgt. Miles. Home Service

Piel Carl, prisoner of war. Transfer from 2nd MD to 3rd MD.

Collard James

leahy John Walter

Legros Emilio

Tulloch Mrs Freytog alias Martin Otto

Thompson, Roy Domain Camp

Brewster, Mrs

Driver MacBain AIF

Schrodt, Wilhelm Marrayville

Powell, Charles

White, Charlotte, Mrs

Mitchell William Richard

Cargil, Archibald. 461 Rathdown St Carlton

Exams for drivers. Northern Territory part 1

H J Stewart, Chief Petty Officer Telegraphist - Townsville radio - Illness

Staff Paymaster J Crow -

Leading Stocker G W Judge Discharge from RAN engagement expired

Immigration to Australia of Persons suffering from disease

Staff permanent central & Victoria. H. Morrel.

Staff: Permanent Central & Victoria Knight C.A.



Diary of Major Richard Victor MORSE

John Barriz

Muller, Hugo

Private Silbereisen - Discharge from AIF

Redmers, Vera Hilda

Grounding of Commonwealth Government Ship "Carina" Dismissal of Master.

Howard Lieut T R P - Court of Enquiry

John Salikis

S. Nicola - Applic for Naturalization



Eng Lt Cdr H G Paterson Ill health whilst serving in "Pysche" - resignation accepted

Rossino - Mario



Bechstein, London to Kuhnel & co. Ltd.

M. Frech, 1st Officer "Prinz Waldermar"

Dobley George Sijuan

Quarterly Returns of Lease Granted under P.S. Regn 85

List from CO 1st RAN Bridging Train concerning officers and men entered on Ship's Books of Cerberus for disciplinary purposes

Otto Paul Richard Scholz , Gertrude Scholz and child

Glass plate negative photograph of Norfolk Island - Mission Chapel

Glass plate negative photograph of Norfolk Island - Landing at Cascade Station

Staff Permanent - Central & Victoria J.L. Fawcett

John Thimm, Doncaster

Mayer Ludwig

Cadet Midshipmen Adrain J B Watts Alfred Kelly withdrawal from RAN College

Report of Medical Survey held on board HMAS "Encounter" on 15 April 1914 - J H Bailey A A Anderson

Bernard Walloch

Naval and military expedition to German New Guinea - Lists of members

Naval and military expedition to German New Guinea - list of members of naval section

Glass plate negative photograph of Lord Howe Island - Disembarkation of passengers on beach

Glass plate negative photograph of Lord Howe Island - Roof of building in foreground with bay and mist topped mountain in background

Glass plate negative photograph of Lord Howe Island - Silhouette of islands in sea

Glass plate negative photograph of Norfolk Island - Ruins of prison

Meeting of Commonwealth Literary Fund (Missing as at 26/8/98).

Survey - Deviation of the Uriarra Road

Right to conpensation. Land vested in Minister of Public Instruction

Ross, H A - Papua Staff - Government Storekeeper

Staff - Permanent Serum Labs. D.E. Armstrong.

Staff Permanent Central and Victoria W. Trathan

Staff - Permanent - Victoria S. Kendall

Books of officers Certificates (Naval Forms S.450)

Acts Post and Telegraph Amendment of

Staff - Permanent - Victoria G.C. Hughes - Foreman Assistant.

General Conditions etc of mail contracts

Pacific Is. Postal Arrangements

Circular memorandum no. 311 (14/9/1908) to circular memorandum no. 172 (5/6/1909)

Papers relating to Royal Commission



Paper patterns in nespapers. Transmission through the post

Report of Conference of Statisticians (File Cover Only)

Contributions to Superannuation Fund - N.S.W. "Public Service (Superannuation) Act 1903.

Department Home Affairs Correspondence files 'B' series (NSW Vic Tas)

Conveyance. Mathew Walsh and John Walsh to Mrs Mary Cavanagh

Post and Telegraph Rates Act 1924

Deductions for rent of Quarters

Register of Subsequent Transactions



Empty folder

Empty Folder

Internal check. Amendment to booklet on Receipts, Refunds, Drawback (FILE cover only)

ORDERS FOR CONVEYANCE OF MEMBERS F. N. STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.

ANNUAL SINGLE NUMBER SYSTEM WITH "B" PREFIX eg B 09/1234 1 2

T/N to 62/67355

National Security (Military Forces) Regulations - WITHDRAWN

National Security (Military Forces) Regulations - WITHDRAWN

Loans - Australian Consolidated Tax Free inscribed Stock-Amounts of Interest Falling Due.

Loans - Australian Consolidated Tax Free Inscribed Stock-Amounts of interest falling due.

Loans-Australian Consolidated Tax free inscribed stock-amounts of interest falling due.

File cover only

File cover only

File cover only.

File cover only.

Regulations United Kingdom Section 4

Societies and Associations. The St. John Ambulance Association Section 2

Societies and Associations. Medical Examination of A. Morrison by Repatriation Dr. - Bundaberg.

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

Staff Permanent Central & Vic. W.J. Fairlie.

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff files)

(Staff Files)

War Radioactive Isolopes and Elements of use in Medical Treatment and in Physiology Section 2

Miscellaneous Papers Dealing with Amendments of the Act

Clothing Factory: Investigation of alleged irregularities.

Wheat Growing - Limitation of Acreage

Meteorological research

Toms, E.R., Executive Officer National Register Board.

Smith, Miss H.M. Confirmation of appointment

Holding No 144. Federal Territory

Menzies and Fadden Ministries. Cabinet indexes

Volume 2

Lyons Ministry

No title

No title

Part Records of Director of Economid Co-ordination 1940-41.

Check list records "Out on loan (will be inserted later) "These files are not present

No title

No title

Missing from bundles at time of clearance.

Missing from bundle at time of clearance

No title

No title

No title

No title

No title

Missing at time of clearance Noted as missing on check list.

No title

Commerce and Agriculture Qld. Emergency Supply Committee

Not in bundle

Research - Student ability and success - General

Custodian of Expropriated Property. Property re-vested in the Custodian for Non-Payment of Moneys Due.

No title

State Medical Co-ordination Committees (All States) Folder No.1, Folder No.2, Folder No.3. Letters to Dr. Cumpston

No title

Returned to Dept. of Trade for Permanent Retention

Returned to Dept. of Trade for Permanent Retention

No title

Returned to Dept. of Trade for Permanent Retention

Returned to Dept of Trade for Permanent Retention

No title

Returned to Dept. of Trade for Permanent Retention

No title

No title

No title

No title

Whole bundle open

See card for file 78/12/56 (Both files are combined on the one)

Liaison with overseas intelligence services Vol.4

Tasmanian Transport Inquiry CONFIDENTIAL Transcript

COMMISSION OF INQUIRY INTO TRANSPORT TO AND FROM TASMANIA. A REPORT FOR THE COMMISSION OF INQUIRY INTO TRANSPORT TO AND FROM TASMANIA

TASMANIAN TRANSPORT INQUIRY OFFICE INSTRUCTIONS (INFORMATION BULLETINS)

Discovery of Aircraft Wreckage (Wartime Aircraft) in New Guinea.

National Health Service Departmental Committees Overall Co-ordinating Committee

Submission by British Petroleum Co. of Australia Ltd. (part)

(Fuel of agreements from Esso Australia Ltd.)

Australian Post Office Commission of Inquiry Sir James Vernaon, CBE Drafts in Final Form

Transferred to file 147/5/177

Mrs Selina King Warragul

Erskine Joseph ex "Flying Clond"

Arthur Wilcox, deserter from sailing boat "Monkbarns"

re Cook, 55 Brunswick Road East Brunswick

Parke Davis & Company

Anti-Japanese Campaign

Proposed Tomato Pulping Plant, Katherine

Accidents - Gas Explosions

Officers

Koleff Peter Ilieff Known as Peter Koli

Nagy Janos (John) Kery

treatment of Australian POWs.

Special W/T Communication between C in C Home Fleet and Scapa W/T



Suggested Aeroplane Club at I.F.T.S.(RAAF)

Staff - Johnstone D G - 2nd Grade Diver

Staff - Hughes S - 3rd Grade Diver

Capt G S Lindeman (Decsd) - Application for "Volunteer Officers Decoration"

NO TITLE

Old speech notes

Director-general of munitions - monthly reports

Programme reports (Victoria) 1941

Programme reports 1943

Programme report 1945

aircraft repair & overhaul

Notebook No 45 -

