Cabinet Memorandum 8056 - Title exempt - Decision 15324/SEC

Cabinet Memorandum 7642 - Title exempt - Decision 14727/SEC

Cabinet Submission 7155 - Title exempt - Decision 13900/SEC

Cabinet Memorandum 5353 - SCIS Report to MInisters on the activities of the Intelligence and Security Agencies in 1986-87 - Decision 10780/SEC

Cabinet Memorandum 4962 - Reference copy of - Secretaries Committee on Intelligence and Security (SCIS) report to Ministers on the activities of the intelligence and security agencies in 1985-1986 - Decision 9780/SEC

Cabinet Memorandum 4947 - Ttitle exempt - Decision 9781/SEC

Cabinet Submission 4207 - Project NULKA - Decision 8128



Emergency and Confrontation - Source material: DFAT A1838 File Series: 696/6/6 Part 1 - National Operations Committee Papers

Cabinet Submission 1985 - Title exempt - Decision 4654/SEC

Immigration - Reciprocal social security agreement between Australia and Israel - Foreign relations - Aspects

Cabinet Decision 2059/NIS - Title exempt - Without Submission

Hope Commission inquiry into Sheraton Hotel incident

Submission No 5679 - -

Decision No 17919 - - Without Submission

Defence (Army) Swanbourne and Springhill - training facilities for SASR

Defence (Army) - unit magazine at Swanbourne - siting board

Decision No 13902/FAD - - Without Submission

ADP - Investigations branch programs

Submission No 3992 : - Related to Decision No 11703(IS)

Submission No 3894 : - No Decision

ROK Political - General - Intelligence reports

Defence (Army) Swanbourne and Springhill - training facilities for SASR

Housing and Construction - OAT Working Party Report

SEATO - Review of Organization

Cabinet Minute (Intelligence and Security Committee) - Decision No 7666(IS) -

Deceit against the Spanish Community - Adelaide South Australia

Submission No 2825 :

Submission No 2773 : - Decision 7263(IS)

Cabinet Paper No 328 : - Minister responsible : Mr Peacock (Foreign Affairs) - presented at Cabinet Meeting 3 May 1978 - Decision No 5230(Ad Hoc) - File No LC235

Submission No 2032 : - Decision 5011(IS)

Indonesia - Relations with other countries - South Pacific

United Nations - Disarmament - Prohibition of use of nuclear weapons resolution 1653 - Control of missile system SALT

Nuclear policy

Protective Security Review - Espionage

Cabinet Minute (Intelligence and Security Committee) - Decision No 4250(IS) - Intelligence Arrangements with ASEAN Countries - Without Submission

Cabinet Paper No 191 : Intelligence arrangements with ASEAN Countries - Minister responsible : - presented at Cabinet Meeting 1 November 1977 - Decision No 4250(IS) - File No LC1774

Status and salary of Director, Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS)

Cabinet Minute - Decision No 3711 - - Without Submission

Cabinet Paper No 136 : - File No LC1106

Cabinet Minute - Decision No 3609 - - Without Submission

Cabinet Paper No 122 : - File No LC1106

Submission No 1197 : - Decision 2563

File amendments

China - Relations with Australia - Briefing material

South Pacific intelligence operations

Indonesia - International relations with other countries including Australia



East Timor - reported deployment of Sabre aircraft and Nomad aircraft

South African Apartheid Policy - General - 1973

Submission No 833 : - Decision 1810 and 1848

East Timor

Miscellaneous file of sensitive papers on Foreign Affairs or security matters

Indonesia - Relations with Portuguese Timor

Japan - Relations with Australia - Basic Treaty of friendship and cooperation

Japan - Relations with Australia - Basic Treaty of friendship and cooperation

Japan - Relations with Australia - Basic Treaty of friendship and cooperation

Interdepartmental committee on special problems of domestic violence

ASIO document: Review of and Recommendations for Restructuring the Surveillance Capacity of ASIO

ASIO and ASIS document: Report on Scientific and Technical Resources dated July 1976

Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security - Fourth Report - Draft - Correspondence

Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security - Third Report - Defence, Joint Intelligence Organisation, National Intelligence Committee - Background

Royal Commission into Intelligence and Security - third report

Royal Commission into Intelligence and Security - third report

Royal Commission into Intelligence and Security - fourth report

Intelligence and security services functions 1975

Intelligence co-ordination arrangements

Documents removed from archives on 25 August 1983 for Mr Fraser

Claims in Australian Antarctic Territory

NEWMAN, William George - service number 3865; war widow Lucretia; -

Activities of the Russian Intelligence Service in Australia

Fraser Ministries - Register of Cabinet Decisions Volume 1 (Decisions Nos 1 to 8250)

East Timor - Activities of Australian journalists

Vietnam - The War - Long Tan Cross

Japan - Relations with South Korea

Middle East - Palestine Liberation Organisation and Arab league - Representatin in Australia

Papua New Guinea - Defence arrangements with Australia, ANZUK and SEATO

ABCA armies - Minutes of meeting of quadripartite working group on aviation

ASIO document: BfV The West German Security Intelligence Service: Service Regulations

ASIO Commonwealth Security Conferences

Submission by Department of Foreign Affairs to Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security re Reporting on Developments in Thailand October 1973 - March 1975

Submission by Department of Foreign Affairs to Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security re

Brief by Department of Foreign Affairs to Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security on British Intelligence establishment; ; Brief by Department of Foreign Affairs to Royal Commission on Intelligence and Security for visit to UK

ASIO - The Lexi Control Manual

Joint Intelligence Organisation - Office of Current Intelligence - Daily Bulletins No 48/1975 (dated Thursday 17 April 1975) to No 106/1975 (dated Monday 18 August 1975)

West Germany - Intelligence and Security Services

ASIO Schedule for the Classification of Correspondence

Croation Terrorism: Relations with Yugoslav Government - Part 3

The Case - November 1975

Saigon - Vietnam - political general

Singapore - Defence - Armed Forces

Western Samoa - Intelligence briefing - Memorandum - Joint Intelligence Bureau - New Zealand

ASIO Organization, Functions and Responsibilities - Lecture Notes - Exercises - Second Edition - Document 6A

ASIO Organization, Functions and Responsibilities - Lecture Notes document 5

ASIO Organization, Functions and Responsibilities - Lecture Notes -document 5A

ASIO Organization, Functions and Responsibilities - Lecture Notes - Exercises - First Edition - document 6

Department of Foreign Affairs information on Portuguese Timor part 2; 1. on Portuguese Timor, 2. Reports from sundry Australian missions: Washington, London, Berne, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, The Hague, Wellington, 3. Information and assessments from foreign diplomatic sources, 4. Australian press reports and commentary relating to Portuguese Timor, 5. Jakarta press reports

Department of Foreign Affairs Information on Portuguese Timor Part 3: 1. Assessments of Portuguese Timor situations made by Department of Foreign Affairs and Joint Intelligence Organization, 2. Ministerial submissions and major correspondence between Ministers on Portuguese Timor, 3. Briefs prepared by Department of Foreign Affairs, 4. Records of Conversations in Canberra or involving officers or Ministers from Canberra relating to Portuguese Timor, 5. Selections of significant telegrams from Canberra

Department of Foreign Affairs Security Instructions

The Satellite Intelligence and Security Services, June 1974

Organisation and Methods of the Russian Intelligence Services (RIS), April 1974

New Scotland Yard Special Branch Annual Report 1974

Financial Arrangements for ASIS March 1975 - March 1975

Secretary's 'pinks', September 1973

France - Disarmament - Nuclear Weapons Testing

China - Relations with Australia - Chinese Representation in Australia

Papua New Guinea - Defence & Security - Defence Arrangements with Australia

Singapore - Internal - General (race, geography, etc)





Australian intelligence -

ASIO document: Report on Activities by Aliens Constituting a Threat to Security: Translation of BfV document

Inquiry into intelligence and security organisations - terms of reference and appointment of Royal Commissioner

Arab terrorist activities

Black September - terrorist activity - Part 2

Law of the Sea - Application to Australia - 1971 -

Law of the Sea - Application to Australia - 1971

Korea - Consideration of Korean Question by General Assembly

Sarawak - Internal Security

Sarawak - Internal Security

Indonesia - Relations with USA

JIO - Country Brief - North Vietnam

Indonesia - Relations with Australia - Official discussions with Indonesia



Inter-Departmental committee on internal security arrangements after self government - Papua New Guinea

French Nuclear tests in the Pacific area

Diplomatic representatives in Australia - Complaints from Embassies and Legations - Protection of diplomatic and consular premises - Srcko Blaz Rover - Yugoslav

Jakarta - Indonesia/Australia

Boyle Mr Michael Dorrington Correspondence

Czechoslovak Intelligence: Czechoslovak Ministry of Interior: Foreign Counterintelligence

Report of Australian Delegation on the Conference on certain Seabed Boundaries between Australia and Indonesia and Seabed Boundaries between Australia and Papua New Guinea - Part 2 1972

Report of the Australian Delegation to the Fourth Session of the United Nations Enlarged Committee on the Peaceful Uses of the Seabed - Geneva 17 July - 21 August 1972

Report of the Australian Delegation on the Conference on certain Seabed Boundaries between Australia and Indonesia and certain Seabed and Territorial Boundaries etc - 1972

Reports on Croatians October 1972

Srecko Rover, Croatian - cancellation of passport

United Kingdom request for Ugandan Asians to enter Australia

The Case - January 1975

The Case - January 1975

Operations - March 1975

Station Directives - April 1975

Oil Prices - Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) Demands

Sarawak - Internal Security

Australian Pacific interest - General policy including South Pacific Study Group

Indonesia - Activity in the United Nations

- Received from Washington

Intelligence Estimates



Production October 1971 - April 1973

Continental shelf - Common boundary Indonesia/Australia (Including the Territory of Papua /New Guinea)

Singapore - Political - General

Sarawak - Internal Security





- Received from Washington

ASIO - Relations with Department of Foreign Affairs -

ASIO -

FALCONER, James Albert - Misc Papers

The Helsby Report: Classification of Official Matter

OMMUNDSON Frederick

ASIS Station

The Case - January 1975

Malaysia - Political - General

Malaysia - Political - General

USSR Communist Inter Front Organisations

Malaysia - Australia relations - Australian representation

JIC London reports



Malaysia/Singapore defence policy and administration arrangements

The Case - January 1975

Signed minutes of meetings of the Australian Capital Territory Advisory Council - Volume 30 - 19 Jan 1970 to 22 Jun 1970

Release of intelligence -

Release of intelligence

Malaysia - Political - General - Political Reports - Language - Education Issues

Malaysia - Political Relations with Australia

Malaysian Armed Forces (Jun-Oct 1968)



- Received from Washington

Intelligence conference on China

UK Communications System for Far East and South East Asia - NT Site for proposed Relay Station

Soviet Intelligence Operations Against Americans and US Installations Abroad: An Analysis of Soviet Doctrine and Practice

Sinking of MV Wahine New Zealand

VRANJES Milan born on 27 May 1932; Marija born on 18 March 1935; Dragisa born on 17 September 1955; Jovica born on 9 February 1957; Djordje born on 27 September 1958; Cedomir born on 5 April 1960 (no files found - no documents) Nationality Yugoslav - arrived per CHARTERFLIGHT "MIQAN 15/692-J", departed EX VIENNA/AUSTRIA 17 JUNE 1968

Shooting of Yugoslav in Act - press reports of Ustashi activity

Sinking of MV Wahine New Zealand

Conferences - General - Defence seminars

Indonesia - Armed Forces & Defence Interests

Malaysia - Political - General

Exchange of intelligence material with the United States of America policy



Indonesia - Armed forces

Spoiling Operations Australia - Media O

FBI information re stolen American Express travellers cheques ($62 000) - New York

List of criminals wanted for murder by Italian authorities

FBI inquiry re MATIONG Florencio Lopez aka Chi Chi MARTINEZ, BOND Victor Gerald, MONTOYA Alfred Arthur, MONTOYA Harold Otto

Traffic in gold stolen from Canadian mines and RCMP booklet

Vietnam

Malaysian Joint Intelligence Directorate Report Short Term Threats to Malaysia

FBI inquiry re MATIONG Florencio Lopez aka Chi Chi MARTINEZ, BOND Victor Gerald, MONTOYA Alfred Arthur, MONTOYA Harold Otto

Saigon - Vietnam personalities 'O'

South East Asia intra regional relations - Malaysia/Singapore

Alan Patrick ROBERTS - ASIO file - miscellaneous papers

Reserve Bank of Australia, Darwin - Hydraulic services (water supply, sewerage, and stormwater drainage)

Traffic in gold stolen from Canadian mines and RCMP booklet

List of criminals wanted for murder by Italian authorities

The Case - January 1975

The Case - January 1975

Malaysia - Political - General

Malaysia - Political - General

Indonesia - Foreign aid

South Vietnam - Political general

South East Asia intra regional relations - Thailand - Relations with Singapore

JIC - Australian intelligence targets and priorities

China - Relations with Thailand

Special screening of migrants from Italy - Mafia

Reports on West Irian - 1965/66

West Irian - Reports from , 1966

Cuba/Communist China economic relations

United Nations Anglo-Argentine dispute Falkland Islands

SEATO - Intelligence (10M)

Asylum -

The outlook for North Vietnam

Prospects for Indonesia

Appointment of an additional assistant Trade Commissioner in Tokyo

Report on Geology of Upper Tumut Development Volume 7 Additional information to that contained in Volumes 1 to 6

Cyprus - Political developments - General

Japan - Relations with Singapore

Malaysia - Political - General

Indonesia - External relations - Talks on Indonesia



Joyce Enid CLARKE - Volume 1

HEALY, Michael aka McCRACKEN, Francis, Volume 3

BURNS, Geordie aka Gilbert aka George

Australian, New Zealand and United States talks (1963) on security situation in South West Pacific

KING, Trevor Ronald

Deployment of Australian troops in Malaysia

Employee organisations - Australian Federated Ironworkers Association, NSW, Volume 5

Washington cables inwards chronological, numbers 1551 to 1899, 14 June to 19 July 1963

India - Relations with China.

Antarctica - Japanese interests

Antarctica - Australian interests - Legal position and administration - Australian Antarctic Territory

Malaysia - Internal security

NOVIKOFF, Nicholas Victor

BACON, Kathleen Mary ( aka Olive nee CALLAGHAN ) Volume 3

Currency - Miscellaneous offenders

Disarmament - NATO Council discussions

COLEMAN, Alfred Edgar - Volume 2

JIC - Australian intelligence targets and priorities

Exchange of intelligence material with the United States of America policy

WRE record of technical enquiries and information

Statement of US/Australian Co-operation in Space Research and Defence projects

China - Communist Party - Evolution of Central Organisations of Chinese Communist Party 1921-58

Iran - Defence - Army

Radio Australia - Technical

Tanganyika - Relations with China

SEATO - Military Advisers 15th Conference - Report.

SEATO - Intelligence Committee report of the meeting

SEATO Tank investigation team - report on the best class of tank for use in Thailand.

SEATO - Report of the Logistics Committee

SEATO - Council of Ministers - Verbatim report of 7th Meeting

Report of the SEATO communications - Electronics committee - Fifth meeting

Report of SEATO military advisers - 14th Conference

Ivan Fedorovich SKRIPOV, volume 8

Australian Institute of International Affairs, volume 2

CPA Interest in Journalists ( CPA Activity Amoung Journalists) Volume 1 Part 2

Main trends in Soviet capabilities and policies 1960-65 ( )

Theatre estimate to be used in the development of MPO plan 6/61

Paas, May

Paas, Frank

Paas, Yvonne Marie

Top secret douments - North Vietnam

SEATO - Records of meetings of council representatives

SEATO - Committee of Security Experts

Proposal for meeting of officials prior to Prime Ministers' conference 1961

Dr Rysard Stanislaw Zielinski

Action taken by member governments on the recommendations of the committee - paper contributed by Thailand

Composition of delegation to the thirteenth meeting of the committee of security experts

Communist insurgent threat to Pakistan - paper contributed by Pakistan

Nature and extent of the Communist subversive threat in Pakistan: paper contributed by Pakistan

Indonesia. Communism in Indonesia



Radio Australia - Technical - Foreign broadcast information service - Washington

Radio Australia - Technical - Foreign broadcast information service - Washington

Indicators of Communist preparations for war in SEA.

SEATO 12th Military Advisers Conference, Washington, May 1960. Report.

SEATO - Report of the Communications Committee. Fourth meeting, June, 1960.

Brief for Chief of General Staff for discussions with NZ Chiefs of Staff

Report of the Logistic Committee - 3rd meeting Bangkok 1960

Plan for defence of South East Asia MPO Plan 4/60

Main trends in Soviet capabilities and policies 1959-1964

JIC London - weekly review of current intelligence - 1960

JIC London - weekly review of current intelligence 1960

Title exempt

Commonwealth Prime Ministers Conference 1960 - Minutes and Proceedings

Judah WATEN volume 4

SEATO - Report of 6th Intelligence Committee meeting, Bangkok, December 1960

JIC and JIS programme of work

WRE record of technical enquiries and information

Kathleen Mary RICHARDS - Miscellaneous papers

Security screening - Malta

Indonesia - Political - General







Radio Australia - Technical - Foreign broadcast information - Service - Washington

SEATO - Logistics Committee meeting Bangkok - August 1959. Report

11th SEATO Military Advisers Meeting MPO Plan 2B/59

SEATO 5th intelligence committee meeting Bangkok Nov 1959 Australian representation

SEATO - Report of the intelligence committee meeting Nov 1959

South East Asian Trade Organization - Tenth Military Advisers Meeting - South East Asian Trade Organization Military Planning Office plan 5/59

South East Asian Trade Organization - Planning to counter communist insurgency

South East Asian Trade Organization Military Planning Office Plan 5B/59 - Plan for the introduction and maintenance of a South East Asian Trade Organization force to assist the Royal Laotian Government to counter Communist insurgency in Laos

South East Asian Trade Organization Military planning to counter Communist insurgency in Laos

Frederick Edmund EMERY Volume 2

USSR. Proposed resumption of diplomatic relations

Project Ikara - Guidance System E C M

CPA - Interest in and use of the media - Volume 1

Indications of communist preparations for early war in South East Asia - UK committee report

Release of Joint Intelligence Bureau (M) reports and items to

United States basic reference on Communist China

Anti-communist resistance potential in the Sino-Soviet Bloc

Australian Intelligence Survey, JIB (M) 6/8, Issued May 1959, Copy No. 115

Australian Intelligence Survey, JIB (A) Report No 6/12, Issued Dec. 1963, Copy No. 5

Agenda item 2b. The Communist insurgent threat to the Treaty area. Collated paper presented by the United Kingdom

Agenda item 3b. The inter-relations between Communist parties in the Treaty area and their role in furtherance of International Communist objectives. Collated paper presented by the United States

Agenda item 2a. The nature and extent of the Communist subversive and insurgent threats to the Treaty area. Collated paper presented by the United Kingdom

US defence policy



Indonesia - Political - General

SEATO - trends and highlights in Communist propaganda

Communism - SEATO - summaries

Malaya - internal security

Joint Intelligence Committee Far East (JIC FE) - Quarterly reviews.

Clement Byrne CHRISTESEN - Part 5

SEATO - Intelligence Ad Hoc Committee meeting, Bangkok, December 1958 report.

Main trends in Soviet capabilities and policies 1958-1963

Indonesia. Top Secret documents. General

Joint Intelligence Committee - London Reports

United Kingdom Defence Organisation - Joint Intelligence Committee - London Reports

Antarctic policy 1958-1960

European Permanent Admissions - Landing Permits - ASIO Lists, Queensland

European Permanent Admissions - Landing Permits - ASIO Lists, Queensland

Chinese Communist and Viet Min amphibitious capabilities - TS1172.

Middle East - JIC intelligence summaries 1958

Australia, New Zealand and the US - Military talks on Indonesia

Commonwealth Bank of Australia - Exchange Control - Sustenance remittances

FALLIS, Herbert Elmer - Alleged counterfeiting of US currency

Target studies -

Intelligence conference Melbourne, November 1958 and Washington, 1962 and London, 1966

The likelihood of global war up to mid 1963

Report on Joint Intelligence Bureau - May 1958

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

- Weekly intelligence summaries

The economic and political consequences of India's financial problems

. On Processing Intelligence Information by 5th September 1958

. Cold War Problems - Economic Penetration by , 25th September 1958

ASIS document: Brief Background Notes on ASIS

Security screening procedure - Italy

Likely nature and extent of Russian assistance to Communist China up to end 1962

Intelligence requests for information

Operation Adjutant Volume 5 part 1 - General court martial proceedings, SAC Michael Julien Brown 17 December 1958

SEATO Combined Training Exercise "AIR LINK" Bangkok 28 May - 1 June 1957

Middle East - Joint Intelligence Committee - weekly review of Middle East

SEATO Council 1957 Canberra. Daily verbatim record.

South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Supplement to the Report of the Council Representatives to the Council, March 1957

Australian Service - Organisation questions

Staff questions arising from change in method of working

Australian Service : Charter and Functions, Part 2

Union of Australian women - Queensland Volume 4

Audrey Elsie BLAKE volume 3

Australian Service Directive (Interim Directive 1957 and Revision) -

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Name of individual

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Name of individual

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Name of individual

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Names of individuals

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Names of individuals

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Director

Budget - Policy - Administration (Australian Secret Intelligence Service)

SEATO - trends and highlights in Communist propaganda

South East Asia - General - Joint Intelligence Committee - Far East Review of Current Intelligence

SEATO Council Meeting, Canberra 1957. Daily verbatim record

USSR. Weapons development - general

Naval study of the SEATO area - including the control and protection of shipping

JIC Intelligence summary no. 37

Syria relations with Saudi Arabia

Regional Defence - Indonesia - Australian strategic interest

Importance of Indonesia to Australia and regional defence

Anne NEILL. Supplement 2

Middle East Intelligence and military situation reports

Middle East. Joint Intelligence Committee Reports

Spare copies only .

CLARKE, Duncan Haig. Supplement 1

Counterfeit US currency passed in Curacao

Estimates 1957-1958

Relates to ASIS

Unattached list

Intelligence on Middle East (File No 3)

Paas, Hubert Joseph

RUTHERFORD, John - Misc Papers

Security screening - Sweden

ROMANOV, Nicolai

and OIR reports to Department of External Affairs

Lecture handouts - clandestine operations

ANZUS staff planners meeting, Pearl Harbour, March 1956

Middle East - Joint Intelligence Committee weekly review of Middle East

ANZUS Council meeting - Washington, November 1956

South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Second Meeting of the Council of Ministers held at Karachi (from 6-8 March 1956)

South-East Asia Treaty Organisation. Report of the Council Representatives to the Council, March 1956

SEATO . Second Meeting of the Committee of Economic Experts, Bangkok, Thailand, 12-18 January 1956

ANZUS Military Machinery

Schedules - Foreign Affairs

Visit of representative of foreign service

Relations with foreign services

Relations with foreign services

Relations with foreign services

Relations with foreign services

Named country

Named country

Requests for security clearances and indoctrination

SEATO Extra-ordinary Military Advisers' Meeting, Karachi, March 1956

ASIS Codeword procedures

Antarctic - International Geophysical Year - Russian Participation

Communism - SEATO Council representations

Communism - SEATO committee on information - cultural - educational & labour activities

SEATO - trends and highlights in Communist propaganda

Communism - SEATO - economic aspects

Communism - SEATO - summaries

Joint Intelligence Committee (London) - Weekly Review of Current Intelligence on the Middle East.

ANZUS Council - Proposed meeting, November 1956, in Washington

Communism - SEATO - Information Committee

Communism - SEATO - Information Committee

South East Asia - Joint Intelligence Committee - - review of Current Intelligence

SEATO Staff planners 3rd meeting, Singapore 1956. SEATO position paper on the subject of allocation, control and protection of allied shipping (Agenda Item F)

South East Asia Treaty Organisation. Concept for the defence of South-East Asia in global war

Australia, New Zealand and United States Staff Planners Meeting, Pearl Harbour, March 1956

Probable communist courses of action in Asia up to 1960.

Possible Developments in Laos up to 1960

Probable Communist Courses of Action in Asia up to 1960

Intelligence in the Middle East

ANZAM Intelligence Meeting, Singapore, November 1956

ANZUS staff planners' meeting, Pearl Harbour. Report No.3, 1956

Middle East. Intelligence summaries.

Australian Defence Organisation - Joint Intelligence Committee

Probability of Indonesia becoming Communist and threat therefrom

Joint Intelligence Committee weekly review of current intelligence on Middle East

Middle East Intelligence and military situation reports

Middle East. Joint Intelligence Weekly Review of Middle East

Alleged smuggling of goods and forged currency - Sydney. THOMPSON, Lachlan Joseph and others



CPA Branches, NSW - Australian Iron and Steel, South Coast, Volume 1

Estimates 1956-1957

GILLEN, James Patrick - Supp 1

Indonesia - Relations with USSR

DEVILLAN, J

KAPUR, Sant Singh

SPONG, Lionel

Joint intelligence bureau, Victoria Barracks - Theft of staff's money

Intelligence Estimates

Geddes, Herbert Thomas - Volume 1 additional papers

SEATO - Study group on engineering workshops

Exchange of intelligence material with the United States of America

Kay, Helen

C P of A interest in schools and education. Volume 1

BREZNIAK, Lhyam (VOLUME 2)

CHRISTESEN, Clement Byrne Part 3

Communist Party of Australia. NSW East Bankstown Branch

South-East Asia Collective Defence Treaty. Report of Logistics Ad Hoc Sub-committee Meeting, Melbourne, Australia, August 1955

Recording of ASIS personnel

Overseas Planning Committee (Australian Secret Intelligence Service)

Vietnam - Industry and raw materials

Minister of Defence - Republic of Indonesia.

Meeting of Commonwealth prime ministers, January - February 1955. Minutes of meetings and memoranda. PMM (55) 1st - 9th Meetings and PMM (55) 1st - 6th Memoranda

Anglo-Amercian strategy in the Far East

Information about Australia and the territories. Requests by US Service Attache.

Indo-China: Information for JIB

Exchange of Joint Intelligence Committee papers

Exchange of information for SEAMIL purposes

Quinpart Intelligence meetings

Bilateral information exchange with USA

ANZAM Military Staff Planners Meeting - Pearl Harbour - October 1955

SEATO. Report of Combined Civil and Military Conference on counter-subversion. Manila 1955

SEATO. Military Staff Planners' Conference, Manila. Psychological warfare report 1955

SEATO. Manila Staff Planners' Conference 1955. Report on military anti-subversion

SEATO. Manila Conference Report 1955 on unconventional warfare

Egypt - Relations with the USSR

China - Personalities - General

Special Intelligence - Joint Intelligence Committee - Six monthly review

Review of ANZAM planning by United States Joint Chiefs of Staff

Relates to ASIS

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales - Eveleigh Loco Branch

Antarctica - proposed soviet expedition

Van Zelm, Rudolf

ASIS Station Background - January 1975

Liaison with overseas intelligence services Volume 4

Leading Government and Political Circles

Ric Prichard THROSSELL Volume 2.

Communist Party of Australia - activities in libraries - Canberra. Volume 1

Wilfred Graham Burchett

CPA Qld - Cadres and Education Committee

CPA Victoria - Disputes Committee

CPA Qld Women's Sub-Committee

CP of A General Motors Holdens Fishermen's Bend Branch - Victoria



Australian Service Reserve Training in peace

The Director - Terms and conditions of employment - General policy file

Exchange of Defence Information between Canada and Australia

Intelligence Estimates

Relations with foreign services

Named country

Named country

Named country

Named country

Named country

Political Intelligence and Reporting (Australian Secret Intelligence Service)

Formosa - External relations - General

Co-operation and exchange of information

Indo-China: Information for JIB

Indo-China: Information for JIB

Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne) Co-Operation with Canada

Colin SIMPSON - Volume 1

Meeting of with Defence Committee 8 April 1954

Defence Signals Branch -

Intelligence sources and priorities report by Mr STEWART

Brief for the Canadian Delegation to the Geneva Convention

Typex Machine MK 22. General and technical information. (BID/01/7 Volume 1. Copy no 378)

Office seals

Protective Forces Handbook, number 126, 127, 128 and 129 of January 1954 prepared for use by police involved in the 1954 Royal visit to Western Australia.

Security Personnel Vetting Department of the Interior - DeSMET, Jules Albert

Clark, Charles

JIB report 1954

Exchange of staff between Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne) and Joint Intelligence Bureau (London) - personal letter from Sir Harold Parker

CHANDLER, Herbert, Bovyll - Volume 3

Australia Meat Industry Employees' Union Queensland.

Wilfred Graham Burchett

Regional Defence. Pacific, East and South East Asia. ANZUS military machinery. (ANZUS Staff Planners, Military Advisers, etc.)

Probable form and scale of attack against Malaya - Joint Intelligence assessment

Circulation of Material (Including External Affairs Requirements)

United States Intelligence - Report by JIB Representative - Washington

CPA Defeat the Menzies Govt. Campaign Deputation to Canberra



Antarctica

Joint Intelligence Bureau - liaison with United States .

Reports

Probable form and scale of attack against Malaya - Agreement of joint intelligence assessments

Proposals in Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne)

JOHNSTON, Elliott Frank - Part 2

United States Intelligence - Reports by JIB (Melbourne) Representative - Washington

Area of responsibility of Joint Intelligence Bureau (Melbourne)

BUDDLE, Thomas Gordon, THOMAS, John Henry

Soviet and satellite war potential 1953-1956

Five Power Staff Planners' Conference, September 1953. Intelligence studies

Strategic planning in relation to British Commonwealth Defence - probable form and scale of attack against and within the ANZAM region to mid 1955.

Joint Intelligence Bureau -

OLLIER, Rose Marie Volume 5

Relationship of Quintel Organisation to Five Power Planners Organisation

Sixth Quinpartite Intelligence Conference

NEILL, Anne Miscellaneous Part 1

Correspondence between the Director General of ASIO and the Prime Minister relating to 'The Case' and the Petrovs

Australian Expeditions to Antarctic Continent - Policy

Police cooperation - Great Britain

List of reports published by JIB , Melbourne

W.G. Burchett

W.G. Burchett



CHANDLER, Herbert Bovyll - Volumel 4

CPA activity and interest in Sydney University - NSW. Volume 1

Security Screening Procedure - Netherlands

Australian service in wartime

Australian Service : Charter and Functions, Part 1

Communist Party of Australia "Magnet" - Volume 1

SIFE Summaries

Relations with foreign services

Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) - Director

Far East - JIC Singapore - Reports

The Defence Department's Programme 1952-53

Tripartite military talks on South East Asia - Intelligence talks

Deception Planning

Visit - Programme and Cover Plan

Five Power Military Conference on South East Asia - UK papers on 'possible deterents to further Chinese aggression in South East Asia' and 'possible operations against Hainan'

JIB -

CPA (NSW) Southern Miners' Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Branches Victoria - Bendigo branch

Security procedure and instructions

Relates to ASIS

ASIS Financial file 1955-1956

Relates to ASIS

Codewords and nicknames

Political situation in Burma

Leading Government and Political Circles

Cryptographic Material for ASIO

WYSOKIER, Raphael

Communist Activity - Pine Creek - Katherine - Mataranka Area N.T.

United States - Australia security agreements. Information released through UK.

Prime Minister's discussions in London January 1951

Source Material - Chapter 15 (Volume One), Part One

Indonesia - Foreign aid to Indonesia

North Vietnam - Chinese Communist aid to North Vietnam

Meeting of Defence Ministers, London, June, 1951. Correspondence relating to Cabinet agenda

Target Selection Committee - Far East

Vladimir ZOUHAR

Commonwealth Defence Ministers' Conference June 1951. Minutes and memoranda

Forward Planning No. 1

Indonesia

George Ernest Archer RUSSELL

Czechoslovakian Consulate - whereabouts enquiries and policy on same.

Co-ordination of planning between the ANZAM and Pacific regions. The defence of islands in the Pacific outside the ANZAM region for which the United Kingdom and New Zealand have responsibility

Reverend Rex Collis Mathias

Democratic Republic of Vietnam - Organisations abroad

Establishment - Original report

- Modified plan 5 September 1951

The civil service purge, UK

Reports from security liaison office, Hong Kong

Planning for co-operation in British Commonwealth defence (from conclusions of Council of Defence 1950)

Cypher Production Organisation

A summary of defence activities May, 1950. Copy No. 2

CONAGHAN, Robert A.

William J LATONA

Procedure for handling Soviet and satellite defectors

Plans for the defence of sea communications in the ANZAM Region

Command organisation in the Middle East. File number 1.

Frances Ada GLUCK (aka Garrett, aka Bernie) nee Scott, Volume 3

Frances Ada GLUCK (aka Garrett, aka Bernie) nee Scott, Volume 4

Nina CHRISTESEN

Claudio ALCORSO

Reports by Secretary Department of Defence on visit abroad 1949. The restoration of the flow of United States classified information to Australia

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia Aggregate Meetings

Communist Party of Australia - Branches Victoria St. Kilda Branch Volume 1

Communist Party of Australia - Branches Vicdtoria Boot Trade Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Branches Victoria AbbotsfordBrewery Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Branches - Victoria Exchange Branch

Commonwealth Party of Australia - Branches Victoria - SEC Green Street Branch

Epworth Hospital Branch. Communist Party of Australia

Communist Party of Australia. Branches Victoria Munitions Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Unemployed Relief Committee Western Australia

Communist Party of Australia - relations with Communist Party of the Soviet Union

CP of A Cultural Activity SA

CP of A - Cultural Activities, NSW

CPA NSW - Western District

CPA - Committees NSW - School Committee

CPA Youth Committee - South Australia

CPA - Women's Committee Western Australia

CPA Youth Sub-Committee - Western Australia

CPA - - Trade Union Committee - Tasmania

CPA - Arts Committee, Victoria

CPA - Victoria Propaganda Committee

CPA NSW Student Committee

CPA - Propaganda Committees - South Australia

CP of A [Communist Party of Australia - State Committee Tasmania - Volume 2

CP of A - N.S.W. - Newcastle District Metal Section

CP of A Sections N.S.W. Bankstown/Chullora Section

C P of A Queensland Ross River Meat Works Branch

C P of A Queensland Norman Park Branch

C P of A Queensland Charleville Branch

C P of A Queensland South Brisbane Branch

C P of A Qld Shipyards Branch

C P of A Queensland Toombul Branch

C P of A Queensland - Wilston/Grange Branch

C P of A Queensland General Branch formerly known as Brisbane Hospital Branch

CPA Qld - Cairns Queerah Meatworks Branch.

Communist Party of Australia - Queensland - Sergeants Branch

CP of A - Branches Queensland - North Industrial Branch

CP of A - Queensland Virginia Branch

CHRISTESEN, Clement Byrne - Part 2

Communist Party of Australia (Victoria) - Heidelberg

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Front Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Newcastle South Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Redfern Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Cockatoo Dock Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Ross Street Technical College Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Matraville/La Perouse Branch

Communist Party of Australia - NSW Star Branch

Communist Party of Australia. Branches NSW, TAA Branch

Communist Party of Australia. Branches NSW, West Mascot Branch

Communist Party of Australia. Branches NSW, East Mascot Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Bunnerong Branch

Communist Party of Australia. NSW Sutherland Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Queensland - City Section

Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania Launceston Rail Branch

CPA Branches Queensland - Ekibin Branch

CPA - NSW - Teachers College Branch

CPA - NSW - Repairs Branch

Communist Party of Australia - (South Australia) Glenunga Branch

Communist Party of Australia - (South Australia) Queenstown

Communist Party of Australia - (South Australia) Adelaide Steamship Company

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia. West Adelaide Branch

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia. Eastwood Branch

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia. Unley Branch

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia. Edwardstown

Communist Party of Australia - Industrial Branch - South Australia

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia - ICI Branch

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia - Waterfront Branch

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia - Hillcrest Branch

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia - Birkenhead

Communist Party of Australia Plans for operations - Tasmania

Exchange of Intelligence Information with United States

Edward George ROBERTSON Volume 3

CPA (Western Australia) - Claremont Branch

CPA (Western Australia) - Applecross branch

CPA - (Western Australia) - South Perth branch

CPA - (Western Australia) - Kalamunda branch

CPA - (Western Australia) - Leederville Branch

Tasmania - Public meetings

CPA - Tasmania - Beauty Point branch

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - Bassendean Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - Belmont Park Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - Nedlands Branch

CPA - Tasmania - Finance

Communist Party of Australia - Kensington branch

Communist Party of Australia - Saint Vincents Hospital Building branch

Communist Party in Australia - Victoria - North Melbourne branch

CPA - NSW - Vaucluse branch

Communist Party of Australia (Western Australia) aggregate meetings

Communist Party of Australia (Tasmania) Aggregate meetings

Communist Party of Australia (New South Wales) Aggregate meetings

Communist Party of Australia. Social activities - Queensland

Communist Party of Australia - Progress Association faction - New South Wales

Communist Party of Australia, "Corvette", Garden Island Publications

Communist Party of Australia. Carriage News.

Communist Party of Australia - South Australia. Schools

Communist Party of Australia. Security within Communist Party of Australia

Communist Party of Australia - Junior League Magazine

Communist Party of Australia - Dynamo

Communist Party of Australia - Canberra Propaganda

Communist Party of Australia - Victoria, Schools

Communist Party of Australia - Social activities, general

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales Schools

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales schools

Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania, illegal apparatus

Communist Party of Australia - campaigns to increase membership and gain public support

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, social activities

Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania, schools

Communist Party of Australia. Western Australia. Social Activities

Communist Part of Australia. Electric Press

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Taxi drivers' branch

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Arrow Branch

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Brookvale - Manly Branch

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Albury Branch

CPA - Western Australia - Cadres

CPA Donors of money & property

Communist Party of Australia. South Australia. Gas Company

Communist Party of Australia. Western Australia, Carlisle Branch

Communist Party of Australia. Western Australia, Bunbury

Communist Party of Australia. Victoria, Port Melbourne Branch

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales, Morts Dock Branch

Communist Party of Australia. Queensland Cadres

Communist Party of Australia. Victoria. List of Undercover Addresses

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Waterloo Branch

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Menindee Branch

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales, Evans Head Branch

Communist Party of Australia (New South Wales) Students' Congress

Communist Party of Australia (illegal apparatus) expenditure

Communist Party of Australia - illegal apparatus (illegal publications)

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia - illegal apparatus

Communist Party of Australia South Australia - undercover addresses

Communist Party of Australia - Queensland - illegal apparatus

Communist Party of Australia - New South Wales - illegal apparatus

Communist Party of Australia - Tasmania - illegal apparatus

Communist Party of Australia - use of airfields

Communist Party of Australia - Lists of Vehicles

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Northern suburbs (Wollongong) Branch.

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Moss Vale Branch.

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Herne Bay Branch.

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Jannali Branch.

Communist Party of Australia. New South Wales - Malleys, South Sydney, Branch

Communist Party of Australia. Wharf Branch Victoria

Communist Party of Australia. Eureka Youth League. Victoria

CPA (SA) Finance

CPA (WA) Finance

Communist Party of Australia - Organization, status - Tasmania

Communist Party of Australia - False witness

Catholic Action Part 2 (File is non-sequential with part 1)

China - Secondary Industries - Power & Oil

JIB - liaison with New Zealand

Communist Party of Australia, Western Australia- schools

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Geraldton branch.

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Freemantle branch.

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Swan branch.

Communist Party of Australia - Western Australia, Waterfront Tasmania.

Communist Party of Australia - History of - Volume 1

Communist Party of Australia - Eureka Youth League.

HEISER, Ronald Oswald

George Ernest Archer RUSSELL

Doris Amelia BLACKBURN

Catholic Action Part 1 (File is non-sequential with part 2)

FRY Eric Charles Volume 2

Phyllis LATONA

The role of the colonies in peace and war

CPA NSW - Austral Bronze branch

CPA Victoria - Austral Bronze branch

FREESTONE, Robert Cyril

Submarines landing between Darwin and Arnhem Land (Film 17 metre 76)

John Alcorn DILLON

JIC papers - exchange of information

United Nations Association, Western Australia

Export of strategic metals from Nauru. Volume 1

Organisation of British Security Service

Cabin 12, administration - Personal correspondence to Vladimir and Evdokia PETROV

WOLF, Ruth

Security of official documents

Hong Kong - Civil disturbances

Elsie Violet LOCKE

South Australian architectural drawing SA2194 - Cells, exercise yard and garage - Village Area- details of yard entrance gate and cell doors and benches

C P of A Queensland - Wilston/Grange Branch

Communist Party of Australia - Papua New Guinea, illegal apparatus

CPA - Control Commission - Western Australia

Communist Party of Australia - Illegal organisation (photos)

HEALY, James Volume 1

Jewish Unity Association

Annie Margaret McARTHUR

Indonesian Malay Association - Broome Western Australia

Ronald William NEAVE Vol 1

Rex Alfred MORTIMER. Volume 1

Police training classes for police officers and investigators all states except New South Wales

Five Years' Defence Programme - Five Years' Programme of the Joint Intelligence Organisation - Department of Defence

Communist Party of Australia - Victoria - BALWYN branch

Communist Party of Australia - Victoria - Burwood branch

243/1947 : Exchange of secret information between Australia and the United States : Agendum Number 17/1947 : Date of meeting - 22 July 1947

Dr Julius STONE

London conference, 1948.

Director's memoranda re Home Office suspect index

Ceylon - Relations with Pakistan

Royal Commission on intelligence and security request for information

Far East (Strength of Armed Forces)

457/1946 : Joint Intelligence Bureau - Visit to Australia by Major-General STRONG : Agendum Number - 68/1946 and Supplementary 7 : Date of meeting - Tuesday 19 November 1946

United Nations Anglo Argentine Dispute - Falkland Islands

Cypher typed

Higher Defence Organisation Constitution and Terms of Reference of Chemical Defence Board ... Chemical and Biological Warfare Subcommittee ... New Weapons and Equipment Committee ... Chemical Defence Board

New works - funds authorisation

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Feb 1945

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Far Eastern Technical Unit, Research Section, Pacific Warfare Board - Reports No 4, 5 and 6

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Feb 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Mar 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (May 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Jul 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Aug 1945)

Reports from Australian Field Experimental Station, Proserpine, Queensland (Sep 1945)

HOLBURN, Marjorie (nee PIZER)

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

Dugway Proving Grounds. Mobile Chemical Warfare Section Unit, 1945-1946

151/1945 : Destruction of Japanese crops in South West Pacific area

192/1945 : Destruction of Japanese crops

268/1945 : Destruction of Japanese crops in South West Pacific area

Evasion of Customs Regulations - RAAF Station, Rathmines

Ian Frank George MILNER volume 3

Headquarters, United States Army Services of Supply, South West Pacific Area, Office of the Chief Chemical Officer: Chemical Warfare Intelligence Digest, Nov 1944

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Jan 1944)

42nd Chemical Laboratory Company: Technical Reports

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports from the Chemical Defence Board, Research and Experimental Section, Innisfail, Queensland

Reports by 2/1 Australian Chemical Warfare Laboratory, RAE

Chemical Warfare and Smoke Intelligence Bulletins, prepared by General Headquarters India, General Staff Branch, MI Directorate, Meerut

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Jan 1944 - Report on Blood Studies in Phosgenied Animals Plasma Liquids

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare - Report on the Detection of Particles of Cadmium Oxide in Sections of Mouse Lung

Headquarters Army Service Forces, Office of the Chief of Chemical Warfare, Washington 25 DC - Chemical Warfare Intelligence Bulletins, Nos 39-56, Aug 1944 - Jun 1945

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, May 1944

Australian Military Forces: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Jun 1944

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare - Report on the Production of Aerosols of PGW

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare - Report on the Toxicity of Mustard Gas by Intravenous Injections (abbr)

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Munitions Supply Laboratories. Abstract reports indexed in records of Chemical Defence Board

Special reports by the technical staff of the Chemical Warfare Service Mobile Unit, Brooksville, Florida

Headquarters, San Jose, Project Division. Reports by technical staff, San Jose Project 1945-1946, Bi Weekly progress reports 1945, San Jose Project reports, Field Tests, 1944

Headquarters, San Jose, Project Division. Reports by technical staff, San Jose Project 1945-1946, Bi Weekly progress reports 1945, San Jose Project reports, Field Tests, 1944

Headquarters, San Jose, Project Division. Reports by technical staff, San Jose Project 1945-1946, Bi Weekly progress reports 1945, San Jose Project reports, Field Tests, 1944

Headquarters, San Jose, Project Division. Reports by technical staff, San Jose Project 1945-1946, Bi Weekly progress reports 1945, San Jose Project reports, Field Tests, 1944

Tom NELSON. Volume 1

Chemical Warfare and Smoke Intelligence Bulletins, prepared by General Headquarters India, General Staff Branch, MI Directorate, Meerut

Report by on the recommendation of a security service of the Commonwealth of Australia after the termination of hostilities (together with comment on the present organisation of the Commonwealth Security Service) 22.9.44



New Guinea - Milne Bay: Wireless Telegraph Codes

Deputy Director of Military Operations: Correspondence on the subject of chemical warfare

Deputy Director of Military Operations: Correspondence on the subject of chemical warfare

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Aug 1943)

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Oct 1943)

42nd Chemical Laboratory Company: Technical Reports

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Aug 1943 - Report on Mustard Gas

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Oct 1943 - Report on Iron and Chloride content of the Respiratory Tract

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Nov 1943 - Report on Ammonia Gas

Canada, Sub-Committee on Physiological Aspects of Chemical Warfare, Dec 1943 - Report on Treatment of Phosgene Poisoning

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Feb 1943

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Mar 1943

Report on Chemical Warfare Physiological Investigations carried out at Townsville, Queensland

1) Revision of basic sampling and venting periods for Chemical Weapons; 2) A review of information derived from trials in the tropics up to May 1944; 3) Reports on trials held in Townsville, Canungra, Holdsworthy, to determine the effect of wearing respirators A/CAS light

Geoffrey SAWER



Demolition - Albert Railway Bridge, Indooroopilly, Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G", Jan 1943

Demolition - Indooroopilly Toll Bridge, Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G", 2 Feb 1943

Scorched Earth Policy in respect of electricity systems - notes on policy and methods of destructions, 27 May 1943

Chemical warfare under tropical conditions

Federal Bureau of Investigation (exchange of information)

Trials - 25 PR BE Shell



Shipping Handbook

Danish and other suspects

Teleradio - Ocean Island Control Demand No.140

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Feb 1942

Allied Land Forces, South West Pacific Area: Technical Notes and Staff Notes - Chemical Warfare, Nov 1942

CDRE India: Notes and reports (Jul 1942)

Demolition Plans: Victoria Bridge, Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G", 17 Dec 1942

Appendix IV to report on demolition of Grey St Bridge, Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G"

Demolition of Grey St Bridge, Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G", 17 Dec 1942

Schedule of major demolitions: Demolition schedule, NSW, jetties

Bridges in New South Wales - List of explosives and accessories required, Jun 1942

Plans for the destruction of Ocean Terminal Petroleum Depots, Brisbane

2nd Australian Corps: Schedule of major demolitions, May 1942

Report on demolition plan for road bridge over Minnamurra River, and the Nowra Area. Reconnaissance carried out by Capt Carmicheal

HMAS Bribane Tenders - Quarter ending 30/6/42

Northern Territory Force - Operational Plan No. 1/66

Chemical Warfare Liaison Notes, No 7 - Chemical Warfare Intelligence Requirements

Schedule of demolitions - Aerodromes and Air Bases beyond Australia

HMAS Leeuwin Tenders - Quarter ending 31/3/41

Guarding of bridges, telephone exchanges, etc; Visual training in the AMF; Order of battle AMF; Aircraft recognition; etc

Lunatics

42nd Chemical Laboratory Company: Technical Reports

JOHNSTON, Elliott Frank - Part 1

Glasheen, Denise Nancy

Alfred F.D. Stadly

Communist Party of Australia ( CPA ) Newcastle / Hunter Valley ( Branch / District ) Volume 1

Nancy Glen and Hector Alan MACDONALD

John Kurt KAISER

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "A"

Operation Demolition Plan: Volunteer Defence Corps - Sketches and maps for demolition plans, Queensland and Victoria

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "B"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "C"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "D"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "E"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "F"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "G"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "H"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "J"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "K"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "L"

Demolition Plans: Brisbane Fortress Area, Belt "M"

Demolition Plans: Hornibrook Highway, Qld

Demolition Schedule Queensland: Road Block Mines, 2 Corps Engineer Officers

Demolition Plan: Victoria, Eastern Area

Demolition Plan: Victoria, Western Area

NSW State War Effort, Co-ordination Committee: Demolitions and denial of resources to the enemy

Plans of bridges in the event of bridge demolitions, north and south coast of NSW and northern towns of NSW

Plans of bridges in the event of bridge demolitions, north and south coast of NSW

Demolition Plan: South Australia - Forward Area Schedule (bridges and jetties); Outports Schedule (jetties); Oil Installation Schedule; Dredges and Barges Schedule

Headquarters Victoria Garrision Brigade: Operational demolitions

Demolition Plan: Road bridge - Richmond River at Casino, Tween River at Byangum, Richmond River at Coraki, Tweed River at Murwillumbah and Barney's Point

Emergency demolition of Bulk Oil Installation Vacuum Oil Company Pty Ltd, Wickham, Newcastle NSW; Draft scheme for denial to the enemy, Bulk oil installations at Balmain, Sydney, Atlantic Union Oil Company Ltd

Schedule of progress - major bridge demolitions

Anti sabotage: vulnerable points, 22/8/39 - 1/9/39 Part 1

Communist Party of Australia - Italian Club Victoria

Commands and defended ports overseas. "Period before reprovisioning" in time of war

L14 subject registration booklet for the 25/301/- section of Defence classified file series, A816: intelligence (file numbers 5 - 616) - Book 1

Norman McDonald RICHMOND

Correspondence - cables. Overseas telecommunication channels. Cable and radio links. International and national communication bodies.

Checklist - Original copies of drawings, single number series

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications. March - July 1937.

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - Problem of Establishing an Air Base, Nov 1936

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - Reclamation of Land from the Sea for the purpose of a Military Aerodrome, Oct 1936

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - The problem of Establishing an Air Base, Oct 1936

Gibraltar as a link in Imperial Communications - The problem of Establishing an Air Base, Jul 1936

Thomas Percival LAIDLER

Antarctic - Heard Island

Commonwealth Census 1933 (Instructions and Correspondence) Attachments: 1) Census of the Commonwealth of Australia 4th April 1921 Census bulletin No 7 2) An Act to amend the Census and Statistics Act No33 of 1920 3) An Act relating to the Census and Stat6istics of the Commonwealth No15 of 1905

NEUMANN Victor - naturalization

RAVLICH, Ante

JUST Anna-Louise - naturalization

GOODE Mrs AK - delegate to Geneva conference

Imperial Conference 1926 - Memoranda and Papers - E Series - Papers Nos E95 - E140 (With subject index)

Mrs WANZEK - deceased - desire of Mrs MACEY to bring children to Australia

Personal and official papers of A C RENTOUL

Liaison with overseas intelligence services Vol.4

BALZI, Gildo

